 Pyongyang¡¯s top envoy heads to Beijing 
 North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho, following a four-day visit to Vietnam last week, made a trip to Syria and next heads to China, where he will hold talks with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi.   
 China¡¯s Foreign Ministry announced Tuesday that Ri will visit Beijing from Thursday to Saturday and meet with China¡¯s leadership and hold ¡°in-depth¡± talks on areas of mutual interest with Foreign Minister Wang, also a state councilor.  
 Geng Shuang, spokesman for the Chinese Ministry, said in a briefing, ¡°We believe that Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho¡¯s visit will play a positive role in further implementing the consensus reached by the two top leaders, promoting the growth of China-DPRK ties and enhancing the communication and cooperation on the Korean Peninsula issue and other issues.¡± 
 The DPRK is an acronym for North Korea¡¯s official name, the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea. Geng avoided answering a reporter¡¯s question on whether the two top envoys will discuss a possible visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping to Pyongyang, only saying he has ¡°no information to offer¡± at this point.  
 Ri¡¯s visit to Beijing comes on the heels of U.S. President Donald Trump¡¯s bilateral meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Saturday on the sidelines of a Group of 20 leaders¡¯ summit in Argentina, which resulted in a temporary halt in escalation of the U.S.-China trade war.  
 Aboard Air Force One on Sunday, Trump said that Xi agreed to ¡°work with me 100 percent on North Korea.¡± On Monday, Trump tweeted about Xi, ¡°He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond,¡± adding, ¡°A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!¡± 
 A Beijing diplomatic source said on Tuesday, ¡°Foreign Minister Ri stopping by Beijing on his way home seems to be intended to confirm the results of the U.S.-China leaders¡¯ summit. It could also be a return trip for Foreign Minister Wang Yi¡¯s visit to Pyongyang back in May.¡± 
 Trump also said on Air Force One, heading home from Buenos Aires, ¡°We have actually talked about three sites¡± for a second summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, which he said could happen in January or February. When asked if the sites were Asian countries, Trump said the location would be ¡°within plane distance,¡± but did not elaborate. 
 Kim¡¯s private jet, the Chammae-1, is an antiquated Soviet-era Ilyushin IL-62M aircraft. This jet safely flew the 4,700 kilometers (2,920 miles) from Pyongyang to Singapore for the June summit. But Kim himself ended up flying to Singapore on an Air China Boeing 747-4J6 plane that usually carries high-level Chinese officials.
 Asian countries with North Korean embassies include Mongolia, Cambodia, Laos, Indonesia and Vietnam. Singapore also has a North Korean embassy, but Trump eliminated the country as a potential candidate earlier on. 
 However, Malaysia is where Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of Kim Jong-un, was assassinated by VX, a nerve agent on Feb. 13 last year. Indonesia has faced a series of earthquakes this month. Vietnam thus seems like a logical choice. 

 Ri led a North Korean delegation to Vietnam from Nov. 29 to Sunday, paid a courtesy call on Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and had talks with Pham Binh Minh, deputy prime minister and foreign minister. 

 North Korea¡¯s official Rodong Sinmun reported on Tuesday that the two sides had ¡°an in-depth exchange of views and reached a consensus on the issue of further developing the relations of friendship and cooperation between the two countries, provided and boosted by [late North Korean leader and founder] Kim Il Sung together with President Ho Chi Minh, in various fields as required by the new era and other issues of mutual concern.¡±

 The North Koreans were said to have laid a wreath before the grave of the late Vietnamese revolutionary leader Ho Chi Minh and toured the Academy of Agricultural Sciences and Halong Bay. U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, during a visit to Hanoi in early July, after the first North-U.S. summit, offered to North Korea a Vietnamese model of normalizing bilateral relations with the United States and pursuing economic prosperity. 

 Highlighting Vietnam¡¯s economic growth and Washington¡¯s close ties with its previous enemy, Pompeo said in a message to North Korea, ¡°Your country can replicate this path¡¦ It can be your miracle in North Korea as well.¡±

 Vietnam and North Korea established bilateral ties in 1950, with President Ho Chi Minh visiting Pyongyang in 1957 and North Korean leader Kim Il Sung reciprocating the visit the following year. 

 During the Vietnam War, in the late 1960s, North Korean pilots flew in combat against U.S. aircrafts. In 2002, the bodies of North Korean pilots killed during the Vietnam War were repatriated to Pyongyang.

 Observers pointed out that Ri could be visiting Beijing to discuss Vietnam as a location for the next North-U.S. summit. 

 Ri also met with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus Tuesday.

 Ri was reported by Syrian media to have said that North Korean and Syria face the same ¡°enemy.¡± Assad was said to have identified the United States as a hostile country to Syria and North Korea, reported the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA).

 Military to open up more restricted land
 Twenty-one different areas across the country will be stripped of their military facility protection zone status, the South Korean government announced on Wednesday, a move that will allow civilians to gain access to districts that have been off-limits for years.
 
 The change will affect a total area of some 337 million square meters (83,275 acres), mostly in the provinces of Gangwon (63 percent) and Gyeonggi (33 percent), which border North Korea.

 The adjustment is the most drastic since 1994, when the South Korean government announced it would revoke the military facility protection zone status for a combined 1.7 billion square meters of land.

 The Ministry of National Defense explained in a press release on Wednesday that 24.7 million square meters (7.3 percent) of the formerly restricted areas will be consigned to local government offices, who will discuss plans with military authorities to use the land for civilian purposes. 

 In Seoul¡¯s Eunpyeong and Mapo districts, as well as in Goyang, Gyeonggi, local government offices will be allowed to construct buildings or carry out development plans without negotiating with military officials as long as the buildings don¡¯t surpass a certain height. 

 Rep. Kim Tae-nyeon, who heads the ruling Democratic Party¡¯s policy committee, said in a press briefing on Wednesday that he looked forward to seeing local economies bloom with the changes.

 The government also announced it would simplify procedures for civilians trying to pass through civilian control zones near the inter-Korean border, saying it will install radio-frequency identification systems at all entrance control posts to save passage time. The Defense Ministry will start the project next year, and hopes the electronic system will benefit some 30,000 South Korean residents and tourists every year.

 Chinese firm to open Korea¡¯s 1st for-profit hospital in Jeju
 The governor of Jeju announced on Wednesday that he will allow a Chinese company to open Korea¡¯s first for-profit hospital in Seogwipo. The decision immediately prompted backlash from local protestors.
 Jeju Gov. Won Hee-ryong granted permission to a Chinese company to open Korea¡¯s first for-profit hospital on the southern island Wednesday.

 Won¡¯s announcement spurred backlash from local protesters, who fear that the new hospital may undermine the country¡¯s public health care system and inflate medical bills.

 All hospitals in Korea are currently run by nonprofit corporations that reinvest revenue in the hospital. For-profit hospitals, on the other hand, are run by corporations that distribute revenue to stockholders.

 Won gave the green light to Greenland Group, one of China¡¯s largest real estate developers, over a year after the Chinese company completed construction work for the Greenland International Hospital in Seogwipo, Jeju Island, in July 2017. The Shanghai-based Greenland Group has since been waiting for final approval for operation from the Jeju government, which delayed making the call due to fierce opposition from local civic groups.

 Greenland¡¯s decision to go ahead with construction plans for Greenland International Hospital was based off of permission granted by Korea¡¯s Ministry of Health and Welfare in December 2015, during the conservative administration of former President Park Geun-hye. Greenland started building the hospital in April 2016.

 The first time that Korea¡¯s central government allowed the country to host a for-profit hospital was in 2002, under the Kim Dae-jung administration. The progressive president envisioned Korea becoming the ¡°medical hub of Northeast Asia,¡± but no for-profit hospital actually opened in Korea during Kim¡¯s administration.

 Jeju officials said Wednesday that the province had no other choice but to allow Greenland to operate on Jeju because failing to do so could ¡°severely¡± damage the province¡¯s international credit rating. Won said the for-profit hospital will only be allowed to provide medical services to foreign visitors to Jeju in its four departments: plastic surgery, dermatology, internal medicine and family medicine. 

 The Jeju governor apologized for ignoring conclusions by a committee of experts who formally recommended that the island turn down the Chinese company. 

 ¡°Please understand that I¡¯ve made an inevitable choice for the future of Jeju after a long period of consideration,¡± Won said Wednesday. 

 The Jeju government explained that Greenland International Hospital will not affect Korea¡¯s medical system because Korean nationals will not be allowed to receive services there.

 After Greenland finished building the international hospital in July 2017, it hired 134 medical workers and waited for the Jeju government to allow the hospital to start operating. The Chinese company has claimed that the delay caused 850 million won ($763,000) in damages every month. If Won had postponed making a decision any further, Jeju officials claimed that Greenland could have taken the case to court for compensation.

 A confederation of around 30 groups in Jeju opposed to the commercialization of medical services said in a joint statement on Wednesday that Won would not have allowed the Chinese company to open a hospital in Jeju had he respected the expert committee¡¯s opinion. The confederation added that they were ¡°dubious¡± of Won¡¯s reasoning behind his decision to grant approval to the Chinese company nevertheless.

 President of KAIST is accused of embezzling
 The president of KAIST, Korea¡¯s top science and engineering university, is the target of a government inquiry that some suspect to be politically motivated. 
 
 The Science Ministry on Tuesday issued a request to KAIST¡¯s board of trustees that it suspend Shin Sung-chul, KAIST¡¯s incumbent president, six days after it formally recommended he be criminally charged for embezzlement and breach of duty. 

 The board will decide whether to suspend Shin after an internal meeting next Thursday.

 ¡°I cannot help but feel devastated that such accusations are being brought up now,¡± Shin said at a press conference at KAIST on Tuesday. ¡°We already received a detailed government audit at DGIST [his former workplace where the irregularities are supposed to have occurred] back in 2016.¡±

 But analysts are claiming political motives are behind the investigation. 

 Shin¡¯s alleged misconduct dates to his days as the founding president of the Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science & Technology (DGIST), a lesser known public science and engineering institute located in Daegu. 

 DGIST signed a memorandum of understanding with an American research institute in February 2012. The Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL) - better known as Berkeley Lab - agreed to provide DGIST with cutting edge research equipment from its Center for X-ray Optics in exchange for research fees from DGIST. 

 Six years later, a government audit concluded that DGIST had paid Berkeley Lab twice as much as it needed to. 

 ¡°According to the MOU contract, DGIST was allowed to use Berkeley Lab¡¯s research equipment for free yet it paid the Berkeley Lab public money granted to it by a local government and public research foundations,¡± said Park No-jae, an auditor at the Ministry of Science and ICT. 

 Shin has also been accused of pulling strings to hire one of his former students who formerly worked as a researcher at Berkeley Lab. 

 ¡°There is no agreement in the contract that states Berkeley Lab would provide use rights for its equipment for free,¡± Shin said on Tuesday. ¡°The payment made to them was meant to get exclusive use rights for up to half of the equipment, based on requests from researchers at home.¡± He added that the money paid to Berkeley Lab was not from public grants, but from DGIST¡¯s own funds. 

 With regards to the appointment of his former student, surnamed Lim, as a professor at DGIST, Shin denied that he exerted influence in the hiring, and that it was decided naturally as a result of Lim¡¯s experience both at DGIST and Berkeley Lab. According to Shin, Lim proved himself through his research and his role was critical in the cooperation between the two institutes. 

 Analysts, and even a KAIST professor, cast doubts on the true motives behind the government¡¯s pursuit of Shin.

 ¡°Even if the government¡¯s accusations are true, it is unclear how Shin can be accused of embezzlement when he himself did not take the money,¡± said Lee Byung-tae, a professor at KAIST¡¯s Graduate School of Management. ¡°Science Minister You Young-min himself said the issue was out of his hands, but this recent move looks like it has the Blue House behind it.¡±

 Lee added that Shin¡¯s decision to appoint Lim as a professor was completely within the realm of his discretion as university president. If wrongdoing is indeed clear, the board of trustees at KAIST can easily decide on their own to fire Shin, Lee said. 

 Shin has refused to step down from his position, saying he would make that decision once the board meets and reaches a conclusion.

 An elementary school colleague of former President Park Geun-hye, Shin became KAIST¡¯s president last February amid a controversial selection process in which he was accused of being a political appointment. Shin has not complained of political persecution.

 Burst pipe turns street into boiling death trap
 A car lies crashed into a road, subsumed by the bursting of a hot water pipe in Goyang, Gyeonggi, on Tuesday evening. The passenger, a 68-year-old man surnamed Song, was found dead after boiling water filled his vehicle.
 An underground pipe carrying hot water to local neighborhoods in Goyang, Gyeonggi, burst on Tuesday evening, killing one man and scalding over a dozen people. 

 Boiling water of around 80 degrees Celsius (176 degrees Fahrenheit) erupted like a geyser from the pipe at around 8:43 p.m., gushing as high as the 10th floor of a building, according to local residents who witnessed the incident. 

 With steam blanketing the area like smoke from a fire, the street was inundated with hot water, inflicting severe burns on pedestrians. Parts of the street even collapsed.

 One 68-year-old man, identified by his surname Song, died in his car after suffering burns from boiling water that flooded his vehicle, according to firefighters. Emergency responders said that burns covered his entire body when he was removed from the car.

 Pandemonium ensued on the street for at least an hour as people screamed in pain as their feet were scalded. Many had to be carried to safety by other pedestrians. At least 23 people were admitted to the hospital that evening.

 When the hot water was shut off by its operator - the Korea District Heating Corporation¡¯s Goyang branch - at around 9:55 p.m., a total of 2,861 households in the area were left devoid of hot water as the temperature dropped to its lowest point this winter in Seoul, minus 6.6 degrees Celsius, on Wednesday morning.

 The exact cause of the pipe¡¯s bursting is not yet known, though one source from the Goyang city government who visited the accident site on Wednesday morning attested that the pipe was rusted. ¡°It likely burst because it could no longer withstand the pressure from all that water passing through,¡± he said.
 
 The Korea District Heating Corporation provides a system where heat is distributed to residential and commercial buildings through a system of insulated pipes. 

 The pipe in Goyang, which was installed over three decades ago in 1991, is at the heart of the district heating system in northwestern Gyeonggi, providing heat to over a million people.

 Repair operations on the pipe began immediately after the situation was contained at around 10 p.m. and heat supply resumed by 7:55 a.m. on Wednesday morning.

 Sympathy for the victim of the boiling flood spread across the internet on Wednesday after reports surfaced that Song had been returning from a congratulatory dinner with his youngest daughter and her husband-to-be at a nearby restaurant. Apparently the street underneath his SUV collapsed, leading to the flooding of his vehicle.

 The car was heavily damaged after it crashed in the collapsed street. Song was discovered dead by paramedics in the back seat of his car, though the water had drained out by that point.

 ¡°I was going to get married in April, and my father always told me that all he cared about was my happiness,¡± Song¡¯s daughter told reporters on Wednesday. ¡°I can¡¯t believe he¡¯s gone, since I remember him laughing only hours ago.¡± 

 Mercury drops and winter arrives with a shiver
 Commuters faced a frosty trip to work Wednesday morning as mercury plunged to its lowest point so far this winter. 

 Seoul recorded a minimum temperature of minus 6.6 degrees Celsius (20.1 degrees Fahrenheit) at 7 a.m. on Wednesday, and temperatures in the capital settled at four degrees Celsius by noon, according to the Korea Meteorological Administration (KMA). 

 It felt colder, however, as brutal winds lashed central Korea and thick clouds covered its skies.

 The sudden arrival of deep winter Wednesday was particularly jarring for the capital¡¯s residents, since the day before temperatures were as high as 11.8 degrees Celsius.

 In Cheorwon County, Gangwon, notorious for its deadly winters, the temperature registered as low as minus 10.9 degrees Celsius Wednesday morning, based on data from an automatic weather station in the area. Paju, Gyeonggi, reached minus 7.1 degrees Celsius, Incheon minus 3.5 degrees Celsius, Daejeon minus 2.7 degrees Celsius and Jeonju, North Jeolla, recorded minus 0.7 degrees Celsius Wednesday.

 The KMA issued its first cold wave warnings of the year for Seoul and most of the country Tuesday evening. Cold wave warnings are issued when there is a temperature drop of over 10 degrees and it is minus 3 degrees Celsius or lower, or if temperatures below minus 12 degrees Celsius continue for over two days.

 The chilling news is that this may be just the beginning of a spell of intense cold, as the KMA forecasts temperatures to drop to minus 10 degrees Celsius in Seoul on Saturday - numbers usually seen in January, Korea¡¯s coldest month of the year. 

 Along the country¡¯s western coast and its numerous islands, heavy snow is expected over the weekend, which could lead to slippery roads and damage to infrastructure. Armored in padded coats, face masks and winter hats, Seoul residents could be seen shivering as they shuffled through the streets on Wednesday. Such thick apparel made subway commutes stuffier than usual, with many complaining of a lack of space during rush hour. 

 ¡°Fierce winds are blowing nationwide, so perceived temperatures will be lower than actual,¡± said a KMA spokesman. ¡°People should prepare for even bigger drops in the coming days.¡±

 Perhaps one silver lining to this icy weather is that the fine dust that blanketed the country last week has been swept away by continental arctic winds. Fine dust levels were classified as ¡°good¡± to ¡°average¡± across Korea on Wednesday. 

 Envoys celebrate Public Diplomacy Night
 Ambassadors and spouses from some 40 countries, Korean government and officials, and other dignitaries pose for a commemorative photo for the second Public Diplomacy Night hosted by the Korea JoongAng Daily and the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies on Wednesday in Gangnam District, southern Seoul. From the front row, left: Yoon Soon-gu, Korean deputy minister of foreign affairs; Kim Yun-seek, dean of the Corps of Honorary Consuls in Korea; Park In-kook, president of the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies; Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon; Lee Hong-koo, former Korean prime minister; Kang Nan-hee, the mayor¡¯s wife; Jung Soon-kyun, head of the Gangnam District Office, and his wife, Choi Young-mi; and Ryu Kwon-ha, chief executive officer of the Korea JoongAng Daily, behind Choi.  
 Over 100 members of the diplomatic corps, Korean government officials, the Seoul mayor and the heads of district offices, military cadets and scholars gathered in southern Seoul for the Korea JoongAng Daily¡¯s Public Diplomacy Night to honor diplomats¡¯ contribution to local outreach and peace on the Korean Peninsula. 

 Ambassadors and their spouses from nearly 40 countries attended the event, which was held for the second time this year and co-hosted by the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies. 

 Many of these diplomats or their predecessors shared glimpses of their home country through the Korea JoongAng Daily¡¯s ¡°Cooking with Her Excellency¡± series in 2015, ¡°At Home with Her Excellency¡± series in 2016, ¡°Trading Places¡± series in 2017 and ¡°Capital Connections¡± series this year.
 Diplomats and their spouses from nearly 40 countries mingle at a cocktail reception at the 2018 Public Diplomacy Night at the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies on Wednesday in Gangnam District, southern Seoul. 
 Officials gathered at the event agreed diplomacy is increasingly being practiced by nontraditional actors. 

 But speakers also focused on the role of public diplomacy in bringing about a denuclearized and peaceful Korean Peninsula. 

 ¡°Thanks to the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games held earlier this year in February, the prospects for peace on the Korean Peninsula have become quite tangible,¡± said Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said in his keynote address.

 Park said that he met earlier this week with International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach to discuss a joint South and North Korean bid for the 2032 Olympic Games. 

 ¡°The PyeongChang Olympics Games is a starting point,¡± said Park. ¡°The Olympics in 2032 will be the concluding point of peace and unification on the Korean Peninsula.
 Left: EU Ambassador to Seoul Michael Reiterer, center, is presented with the 2018 Ambassador of Public Diplomacy Award by Kim Yun-seek, dean of the Corps of Honorary Consuls in Korea, left, and Ryu Kwon-ha, CEO of the Korea JoongAng Daily, right. Right: Violinist Park Ji-hae performs the Korean folk song ¡°Arirang¡± for foreign and local dignitaries. 
 ¡°In this time of transition, I believe that we need to focus on cities - cities are the ones that can realize peace and prosperity in the lives of the citizens,¡± Park also said. ¡°City governments have more freedom when it comes to politics, compared to national governments, and they have more liberty when pursuing cooperation with other cities in the world. So in this sense, urban diplomacy is a key element in public diplomacy.¡±

 Seoul has sister city and friendship city relations with 68 cities in 48 countries around the world.

 The Korea JoongAng Daily, along with the Corps of Honorary Consuls of Korea, also awarded the Public Diplomacy Ambassador of 2018 to Michael Reiterer, the ambassador of the European Union to Korea.

 ¡°Public diplomacy is as much about listening as it is about talking, as much about understanding as it is about explaining - it is about communication as opposed to disseminating information only,¡± said Reiterer. ¡°The goal is to create a better understanding, a basis for cooperation leading to joint action and mutual support because we know we share interests and values, we know what we have to work or fight for, to realize or to defend.¡±

 He added that the diplomatic corps¡¯ contribution to public diplomacy to enhance understanding and cooperation with the Korean people ¡°will also contribute to the overarching goal here on the peninsula - peace through denuclearization followed by cooperation and development.¡±
 Left: Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon delivers his keynote speech. Center: Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, second from left, and his wife, Kang Nan-hee, left, pose with Korean cadets. Right: Ambassadors view a photo exhibition from the Korea JoongAng Daily¡¯s annual ¡°Public Diplomacy¡± series, which features the theme ¡°Capital Connections¡± this year. 
 Reiterer participates in ¡°EU Goes to School,¡± a program run together by the EU Delegation in Seoul and the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education. In the program, the ambassadors of EU countries visit local middle and high schools to communicate directly with students about the values and cultures about their representative countries. 

 Other speakers included Lee Hong-koo, a former Korean prime minister; Yoon Soon-gu, the Korean Foreign Ministry¡¯s deputy minister for political affairs, Park In-kook, president of the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies and Jung Soon-kyun, head of the Gangnam District Office. 
 Yoon, Korea¡¯s deputy foreign minister, said that ¡°Constant and continuous interaction between the government and the public is essential to diplomacy.¡±

 He continued, ¡°I think the next few years are crucial for fundamentally changing the landscape of the peninsula and its neighboring regions,¡± which cannot happen ¡°without the support and encouragement from the international community.¡± Yoon said that Korea should ¡°seize that golden opportunity to secure peace here once and for all.¡±

 ¡°We can have a peaceful Korean Peninsula only if there is a peaceful Asia-Pacific,¡± said former Korean Prime Minister Lee Hong-koo. ¡°On the other hand, as long as we have a very volatile situation on the Korean Peninsula, there cannot be peace in the Asia-Pacific. We need to solve this one way or another.¡±

 Sanctions relief may be possible
 The U.S. government is willing to lift some economic sanctions on North Korea if the regime demonstrates ¡°sincere measures¡± toward denuclearization, a source with knowledge of Pyongyang-Washington talks exclusively told the JoongAng Ilbo on Tuesday. 

 The source, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said he wasn¡¯t specifically told whether that meant the United States was willing to ease its own unilateral sanctions on the North or give sanctions exemptions to third countries, including South Korea, to carry out joint projects with Pyongyang. 

 The United States, one of five veto-wielding members in the United Nations Security Council, has a crucial say in UN sanctions on the North. Unanimous approval from a UN North Korean sanctions committee composed of the five countries - the United States, Britain, Russia, China and France - and 10 nonpermanent members on the UN Security Council is normally required for a sanctions waiver.

 If the former hypothesis is true, it would mean Washington is willing to ease sanctions even before North Korean carries out total denuclearization, which goes against the long-held mantra of the White House that sanctions will not be eased before the North¡¯s final, fully verified denuclearization, or FFVD.

 The source told the paper that Washington¡¯s definition of ¡°sincere measures¡± from the North included a partial inventory of its nuclear weapons and facilities or allowing outside experts to inspect the Yongbyon nuclear plant. 

 Officials in the U.S. government who are involved in discussions with North Korea are currently looking over the sanctions easing option, said the source.

 A South Korean government source said Tuesday that the United States was frustrated over Pyongyang¡¯s reluctance to accept its offer of high-level talks.

 ¡°On the part of Washington, they were like, ¡®Even if we do try to ease sanctions on the North, they¡¯d have to come to the discussion table for us to know specifically which sanctions they want easing of,¡¯¡± said the South Korean government source, who asked not to be named.

 The local source said Washington was ¡°skeptical¡± about Pyongyang¡¯s intention to negotiate denuclearization when it keeps asking for easing of sanctions but refuses to actually show up for talks. 

 On the record, the U.S. government has never mentioned easing sanctions on the North before its final denuclearization. After South Korean President Moon Jae-in met with Trump last Friday in Buenos Aires on the sidelines of the Group of 20 Summit, the White House said in a statement that both leaders ¡°agreed on the importance of maintaining vigorous enforcement of existing sanctions to ensure the DPRK understands that denuclearization is the only path to economic prosperity and lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula.¡± DPRK is short for the North¡¯s official name, the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea.

 If the Washington source was referring to an easing of sanctions on projects that other countries were trying to carry out with North Korea, one example would be South Korea¡¯s joint railway survey with the North, which is ongoing. The United States allowed Seoul last month to carry fuel and other equipment into the North for the railway project.

 Trump urges China to help with North talks
 U.S. President Donald Trump Tuesday played up the role of China in getting North Korea to denuclearize following his bilateral talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping. 

 ¡°President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship,¡± Trump wrote over Twitter Monday. ¡°He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond, between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!¡± 

 Trump and Xi¡¯s bilateral summit Saturday on the sidelines of a G-20 leaders¡¯ summit in Argentina resulted in a 90-day delay in new U.S. tariffs, possibly giving leeway for progress in diplomatic affairs. 

 On Sunday, Trump said aboard Air Force One that a second summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is likely to take place in January or February, with three possible venues discussed thus far. 

 Trump said about his talks with Xi, ¡°He is agreeing to work with me 100 percent on North Korea, and that¡¯s a big thing, too.¡±

 After the working dinner in Buenos Aires between Xi and Trump, the White House said in a statement that the two leaders ¡°agreed that great progress has been made with respect to North Korea and that President Trump, together with President Xi, will strive, along with Chairman Kim Jong Un, to see a nuclear free Korean Peninsula.¡±

 Trump had talks on the same day with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and said a second meeting with North Korean leader Kim would happen soon, to follow up their June 12 Singapore summit, and also supported a visit by Kim to Seoul. 

 Trump has often linked trade issues with security and diplomatic matters, including North Korea¡¯s denuclearization, and, at times, blamed Beijing when negotiations with Pyongyang were not advancing. Other times, Trump has both openly praised Xi for China¡¯s role in enforcing sanctions to bring the North to the negotiation table, and also said that it ¡°could do more.¡± 

 On Aug. 24, Trump abruptly canceled a planned trip by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to Pyongyang blaming, in a tweet, a lack of ¡°sufficient progress¡± in denuclearization, saying the trip would take place when the ¡°trading relationship with China is resolved.¡±

 U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who was included in the Trump-Xi summit, told reporters afterward that there was ¡°very specific discussion on North Korea and a commitment that they will work with us to make sure that there is a nuclear-free peninsula.¡±

 Mnuchin was also quoted as saying by the Voice of America Monday that Pompeo ¡°has been doing a great job and came out of that meeting with a real commitment from China, and there¡¯s many other issues we have with China that we¡¯re going to work on.¡±

 ¡°There is a very strong commitment between the two presidents to work together to make sure that we have a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula,¡± Mnuchin said in an interview with CNBC Monday. ¡°As you know, I¡¯ve been actively involved in the sanctions, so this is something that is very important, and Secretary Pompeo has been doing an amazing job leading these efforts.¡± 

 The United States has maintained that sanctions relief won¡¯t come until the complete denuclearization of North Korea, while China has pushed for a phased, stage-by-stage approach. 

 Xi may have agreed with Trump to play a more active role in maintaining sanctions on North Korea and for the success of a second North-Kim summit, suggesting some sort of middle ground was reached. This could indicate that China could play a more active role in the denuclearization process and, in steps toward the normalization of relations between Pyongyang and Washington, such as a declaration to end the 1950-53 Korean War, the opening of liaison offices and a peace treaty. 

 After the Trump-Xi meeting Saturday, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that Beijing supports a second North Korea-U.S. summit. 

 Wang said in a press briefing in Buenos Aires that China also hopes that the United States and North Korea ¡°could meet each other halfway, address each other¡¯s legitimate concerns and advance the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula in parallel with building a mechanism for peace on the peninsula.¡±

 He also said that Washington ¡°appreciated the Chinese side¡¯s positive role and hoped to maintain communication and coordination with the Chinese side in this regard.¡±

 Moon says summit still possible this month
 On a trip to New Zealand on Tuesday, President Moon Jae-in reiterated that a summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Seoul could still happen within the year, stressing that such a visit could help speed along the denuclearization process. 

 ¡°There is a possibility that Chairman Kim¡¯s visit to Seoul may happen within the year,¡± Moon said at a joint press conference with New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern after a bilateral summit in Auckland. ¡°However, what is more important than whether Chairman Kim¡¯s visit to Seoul takes place within the year or not is that his visit further expedites and leads to greater progress toward North Korea¡¯s denuclearization.¡±

 Moon also emphasized the importance of U.S.-North Korea dialogue. 

 ¡°What is important is not to get Chairman Kim¡¯s promise to denuclearize during his visit to Seoul,¡± he said, ¡°but to mediate and convince him to enable progress toward denuclearization of a wider scope in the second North-U.S. summit to follow.¡± 

 U.S. President Donald Trump has said a second bilateral summit with Kim is in the works for as early as next month. If a Seoul trip happens this month, it will take place ahead of the Kim-Trump summit. Moon held two summits with Kim on April 27 and May 26 in the truce village of Panmunjom, which paved the way for the June 12 North-U.S. summit in Singapore. A third Moon-Kim summit took place in Pyongyang from Sept. 18 to 20. 

 Moon also said during the press conference that he and Trump ¡°share the view that separate from the denuclearization dialogue, improving inter-Korean relations, the easing of military tensions and Kim¡¯s Seoul visit will have a positive role in progressing denuclearization dialogue.¡± 

 Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to Seoul, if it happens, ¡°will be the first by a North Korean leader since the division of the Korean Peninsula,¡± said Moon. ¡°That in itself will be very helpful in making progress toward reconciliation between the South and North, and peace.¡±

 Calculating the time needed to prepare for such a summit, South Korean media outlets have reported that Dec.18 to 20 were possible dates for Kim to come to Seoul. Dec. 17 marks the seventh anniversary of the death of former North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, Kim Jong-un¡¯s father. 

 The Blue House has said it will make all the necessary preparations regardless of the timing.

 Following a Group of 20 (G-20) summit in Buenos Aires last week, Moon made similar remarks to reporters en route to New Zealand on Sunday, leaving the possibility open for Kim to make a reciprocal visit to Seoul within the month. 

 This was the first time a Korean president visited New Zealand in nine years. The countries established bilateral relations in 1962 and implemented a bilateral free trade agreement (FTA) in 2015. 

 On Tuesday, Moon wrapped up an eight-day, three-nation trip that kicked off on Nov. 27 and also took him to the Czech Republic and Argentina for the G-20 summit. The president focused on solidifying international support for North Korea-U.S. denuclearization talks and peace on the Korean Peninsula.

 President comes under pressure to fire Cho Kuk
 Opposition lawmakers urged President Moon Jae-in to fire his senior secretary for civil affairs on Tuesday as the Blue House chief returned from his eight-day overseas trip.

 Conservative lawmakers are saying Cho Kuk should be sacked over accusations that members of a bureau he oversaw played golf during office hours and interfered in a police investigation.

 Conservative lawmakers have increased their calls on the Blue House to fire Cho ever since last Friday, when the presidential office announced that all members of a special inspection bureau under Cho would be replaced with new members. The replacement of these members was a bow to media reports that accused them of ditching work to play golf when their job was to monitor corruption within organizations linked to the Blue House. 

 One prosecutor allegedly asked the police for details into an investigation of his acquaintance, who was facing bribery charges. He pretended the case concerned officials in the Blue House, when it actually didn¡¯t.

 The Blue House has confirmed that the prosecutor made this request, but has yet to admit whether the bureau members went golfing. 

 Cho only said in a written statement last Friday that the Blue House decided to entirely replace the bureau ¡°because if some members are suspected of corrupt practices, the bureau cannot carry out its purpose.¡±

 Moon has not made any remarks on the matter, but Blue House officials said on the condition of anonymity that Cho will probably hold onto his job for the time being because firing him right away would fuel criticism of the Blue House from the opposition. The ruling Democratic Party (DP) has fervently defended Cho, saying that opposition lawmakers are out to undermine Moon¡¯s government. 

 The backlash comes at a bad time for Moon, whose approval rating has been declining for over two months. It reached an all-time low of 48.4 percent last week.

 Rep. Kim Sung-tae, floor leader of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, slammed the DP on Tuesday for its ¡°paranoid obsession¡± with ¡°protecting¡± Cho, saying that the senior secretary has utterly failed to impose discipline within the public service sector. 

 ¡°The DP apologized on behalf [of the Blue House] for the special inspection bureau¡¯s deviant behavior, but then, a day later, totally about-faced to say it is not a big deal,¡± said Rep. Ha Tae-keung of the minor conservative Bareunmirae Party. ¡°How is this not a big deal when the entire team has been kicked out?¡± 

 The minor leftist Justice Party urged the Blue House in a statement on Tuesday to fully reveal the bureau¡¯s misconduct, adding ¡°those who need to take responsibility must do so,¡± without explicitly saying that Cho ought to be dismissed.

 DP Rep. An Min-suk said during a radio interview with MBC that firing Cho might ¡°slow down the force¡± of Moon¡¯s judicial reform push. Cho holds immense authority in the initiative to remove jeokpye - or deeply-rooted evils - which Moon has vowed to eradicate from society, An pointed out. The special inspection bureau had 20 to 30 officials dispatched from the police, prosecutors¡¯ offices, Board of Audit and Inspection and the National Tax Service. Their role was to inspect public companies and organizations that work with the Blue House to ensure they were free of corruption.

 The Blue House said last week that it had no power to take disciplinary action against the dispatched officials. It said it asked their respective agencies to investigate the matter on their own to decide whether the officials were involved in any misconduct and punish them if they had.

 Gwangju mayor gave jobs to scammer¡¯s kids
 A former mayor of Gwangju, who was swindled out of millions by a woman who pretended to be a former first lady, pulled strings to get jobs for the scammer¡¯s children, police said on Monday.

 The South Jeolla Provincial Police Agency booked former Gwangju Mayor Yoon Jang-hyun on charges of abusing his power to land jobs for a son and daughter of the scammer, identified only by her surname Kim, while he was mayor. 

 Kim, a 49 year-old cellphone saleswoman who is currently behind bars, pretended to be Kwon Yang-sook, the wife of former President Roh Moo-hyun, over the phone to Yoon. 

 The former mayor sent her a total of 450 million won ($406,568) in four transactions from December 2017 to January of this year, according to prosecutors.

 The woman allegedly told Yoon that her own children were the offspring of former President Roh born out of wedlock, and asked the mayor to give them jobs. 

 Prosecutors believe that Kim may have promised Yoon political favors ahead of the local elections that took place in June.

 Yoon allegedly used his power as mayor to land Kim¡¯s son, 28, a job as a temporary employee at the Kimdaejung Convention Center, a publicly owned exhibition center in Gwangju, in March. He apparently worked there for seven months until he quit this October. 

 The mayor also put in a personal phone call to a private school in Gwangju that spring to request that its administrators hire Kim¡¯s daughter, 30, as a teacher, police said. She was eventually picked for the job and still works there. 

 The police and the prosecution are also investigating the source of the money that Yoon gave to the woman. The total sum amounted to more than half of Yoon¡¯s net worth of about 700 million won, according to a tax return he submitted in March.

 While 350 of the 450 million won paid by Yoon was obtained through loans from two major banks, the other 100 million remains unaccounted for, according to police. 

 A civic group and a number of political analysts monitoring the case claim that the case should be investigated as political corruption, as Yoon had a shaky political standing since the beginning of his mayoral term.

 Yoon was nominated and then elected as the New Politics Alliance for Democracy¡¯s candidate for Gwangju mayor ahead of the local elections in 2014 with the support of Ahn Cheol-soo¡¯s party faction. 

 The party split apart the following year, with Ahn leaving to form the People¡¯s Party along with his faction members. Yoon stayed in the party, which changed its name to the Democratic Party (DP) and won back power under Moon Jae-in in the presidential elections last year.

 Though he became a mayor belonging to the ruling party, Yoon¡¯s low approval ratings in Gwangju and a lack of internal party support made his political position tenuous as the 2018 local elections rolled around. Prosecutors believe his desperation to build ties with influential figures linked to the ruling DP, like Kwon, may have led him to fall victim to the scam.

 Wife of Gyeonggi governor is grilled over Twitter remarks
 Prosecutors summoned the wife of Gyeonggi Gov. Lee Jae-myung for questioning on Tuesday over allegations that she defamed her husband¡¯s political rivals online. 

 Kim Hye-kyung, who police identified as the owner of the Twitter handle @08_hkkim, told reporters she was tired and frustrated at being wrongly accused as she entered the Suwon District Prosecutors¡¯ Office in Seongnam, Gyeonggi. 

 ¡°I only hope the truth is revealed,¡± she said, echoing the words of her husband who underwent his own 13-hour interrogation last week over a number of different criminal accusations. 

 A police investigation into Kim¡¯s case revealed last month that the @08_hkkim Twitter account posted thousands of political messages supporting Lee and defaming his political rivals. Some of the political figures publicly defamed were Rep. Jeon Hae-cheol of the ruling Democratic Party (DP) and President Moon Jae-in. 

 Prosecutors say that Kim may be charged with spreading false information about Jeon in the run up to the Gyeonggi gubernatorial election in June and smearing the reputation of Moon¡¯s son, Moon Joon-yong, with allegations that he obtained a public sector job through his father¡¯s influence.

 Both Kim and the governor deny the accusations, claiming that she never operated the Twitter account. 

 The couple also rebuffed a police request that Kim surrender her personal cellphone for a forensic analysis, saying that she had recently obtained a new cellphone and gave the old one to one of Lee¡¯s employees after receiving hundreds of spam messages. 

 Lee¡¯s critics, including a well-known lawyer who first reported the case to the police, said such claims were unreasonable given that Lee had publicly cautioned his campaign workers to be vigilant about their personal cellphones to avoid sensitive information being leaked. 

 Police eventually raided Lee¡¯s office in the Gyeonggi Provincial Office and his home in Seongnam to find five cellphones Kim had used in the past according to phone company records, but couldn¡¯t find them.

 Then the well-known lawyer, Lee Jung-ryul, claimed the police already had a smoking gun in their hands in regards to Kim¡¯s ownership of the Twitter handle.

 On Nov. 21, police announced the email account linked to the Twitter handle was last used at Lee¡¯s home in Seongnam. 

 Lee Jae-myung¡¯s aide refuted that, saying that Kim¡¯s email was public knowledge and that it may have been used by someone else to create the Twitter account. 

 With only ten days until the statute of limitations runs out, prosecutors appear determined to indict Kim following her interrogation. Any criminal charges are expected to deal a blow to the political future of the governor, who is potentially facing expulsion within his own party as the numerous scandals he faces pile up. 

 Lee¡¯s supporters are defending the governor against what he claims is an unfair investigation by authorities. Around 50 supporters protested on Tuesday as they watched Kim solemnly step inside the Suwon District Prosecutors¡¯ Office for questioning.

 Jeffrey Sachs encourages the North to open up
 As a renewed economist, public policy analyst and adviser to a number of Eastern European countries as they transitioned to a market economy, Jeffrey Sachs is well-versed in economic transformations.

 In 1989, he served as one of the principal architects for Poland¡¯s reform and debt reduction operation. Sachs outlined proposals for the privatization of state companies, which allowed prices to stabilize in Poland. The country avoided the disastrous shortages of necessities that plagued Russia after the collapse of the Soviet Union. 

 He has since been active in pursuing a global economic development agenda to alleviate extreme poverty in Africa and help the UN realize its Millennium Development Goals.

 A professor at Columbia University, Sachs visited South Korea this week to attend the Organization for Economic Development and Cooperation¡¯s (OECD) World Forum on the Future of Well-Being, which was hosted in Incheon this year.

 He sat down with Hong Seok-hyun, chairman of the Korea Peace Foundation, and an expert on inter-Korean relations, to discuss the possibilities of a North Korean economic transformation at Hong¡¯s office in central Seoul last Thursday. Below are edited excerpts from the discussion.
 Hong: How do you view the North Korean economy?

 
 Sachs: Well, from what we know, behind a lot of barriers and the lack of firsthand information, it seems to be in great crisis except for the military sector. So it is, in a sense, like the well-known example of the Soviet Union - a situation where the military gets massive resources and is technically sophisticated together with the rest of the economy in collapse. Clearly, we hope that [North Korean leader] Chairman Kim [Jong-un]¡¯s initiatives to make border reform are recognizing the need for broader economic change.

 But in another way with circumstances as they are, the chance for major increases of living standards in the North are really present now, because, with South Korea as one of the world¡¯s major economies and with the northern economy in crisis only because of its economic system, the chance for major advances is very real. That¡¯s not an illusion. That¡¯s something that can happen within a generation.

 

 H: I totally agree with you. North Korea is unique in the sense that it is surrounded by very affluent economies like South Korea, China, Russia and Japan. 


 S: Exactly. Northeast Asia is now the most dynamic part of the world economy. North Korea should readily be able to take advantage of that if the geopolitics can work out. Because now it¡¯s more of a political and strategic problem rather than an economic one.


 H: When I started as a graduate student at Stanford in 1974, I had a very interesting encounter with Joan Robinson, a Marxist economist from Cambridge. I was curious. It was the first time I met a Marxist. I found a book in the library she wrote, surprisingly titled the ¡°Korean Miracle¡± - it was a story of the Taedong River Miracle, not the Han River Miracle. After I read the book, I discovered that in the ¡¯60s, the South was worse off than North Korea by a scale of two to one. The North¡¯s per capita GDP was twice that of South Korea. The North was endowed with factories, hydropower, thanks to the Japanese military-industrial complex. When the nation was divided in 1948, their electricity capacity was ten times that of the South.


 S: There should be a framework towards the North¡¯s denuclearization and opening up all of the countries in the region support, like China, the Republic of Korea and Japan. While the issue is often viewed as a bilateral between the DPRK and the United States, I view it as an issue between the DPRK and its neighbors. (The DPRK is an acronym for North Korea¡¯s official name, the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea.) This is really where the future will be built. The countries here should make their future and then have the United States and other countries that want to support peace agree with the framework that is laid out here. It is not clear that it goes that way because the United States wants to call the shots in some ways. There should be some care. Nothing, in my opinion, can work without China¡¯s full participation and the confidence building that comes with that. I think that Japan also has a role to play, because this is really a regional issue.


 H: That is a very important and interesting perspective. You have worked with many poverty-stricken nations in Africa and Eastern bloc countries that went through this transformation from a socialist to a market economy. You know the political concerns Kim has in terms of regime and personal security when it comes to opening up the nation and introducing market aspects. How would you approach Kim if you had the chance to induce him toward opening up?


 S: Well, I am a big believer that geography is the key. I would draw his attention to the region and make him think about prosperity in the context of Northeast Asia. The main point I would make is international connections, like opening up to China, South Korea and Japan, as well as the world market. I don¡¯t believe in imposing political change from outside, and I believe still less in my own country¡¯s foreign policy of dictating to other countries. I personally would not push the regime issue at all. I don¡¯t think it is the way to peace. What security I believe is more important is an open process that builds international connections. Trust is the right way to move.


 H: So how do you go about formulating an institution through which North Korea can solicit neighboring nations for help?


 S: I have been an academic for 38 years as a professor. When you are living in an academic environment, you can speak with anybody. Maybe because of that, I believe in a fundamental approach that we should be speaking with others. Honestly, what I would do in an imaginary meeting with Chairman Kim is that I would try to listen to him for the first several hours. What are his perspectives? What are his concerns? I would not dismiss him. I would try to elicit, what is his understanding of the situation? This is the most important way forward - it is to always listen first. This is the art of diplomacy.


 H: I think this is very wise approach which has to be done. But when it comes to reality, it is not easy to implement.


 S: Darn reality! (laughs)


 H: When I visited Pyongyang this September as part of the third inter-Korean summit delegation, I had a chance to observe Chairman Kim from a close proximity. I could sense that the North was ready for change. They looked like they were ready to invest time and resources into economic development. But I worry that the situation has come to a standstill. The wise thing to do on Kim¡¯s part would be to demonstrate their sincerity about denuclearization through practical actions. I hope they do not miss this critical opportunity.


 S: On denuclearization, I believe that this is a process and not an event where you expect one country to denuclearize under strict sanctions one year to the next. Unfortunately there are bad records of countries who have denuclearized only to find themselves vulnerable. I don¡¯t want to undermine the process, but I believe the realistic aspect of denuclearization is trust. Trust cannot come by demand alone. The idea you can create a framework of success through demands and sanctions strikes me as a naive approach. This has been my country¡¯s approach for 25 years, but it has not delivered. The only way to build trust is not a U.S.-DPRK arrangement but a regional arrangement, one involving China, South Korea and Japan, as well as the DPRK.


 H: One unique aspect of North Korea is the role of the military, which remains predominant in its economy. We must be able to advise them on how to handle the role of the military when North Korea is about to change course in terms of its economic regime since the military is the most important stakeholder. Unless they are given carrots, the transformation may not go smoothly.


 S: The fact of the matter is most military enterprises are not very internationally competitive. These enterprises, in order to survive and mean something in the future, need technical upgrading, new investments and new partnerships. That upgrading could be through joint ventures, partial privatization or technology transfer arrangements. No doubt in the political economy of economic transformation, military officials who are dominant in a state enterprise could become managers in a market setting in the future. This happened in Eastern Europe, China and former Soviet Union.


 H: One way we can pursue cooperation in Northeast Asia is demonstrating a roadmap of economic development to North Korea. This could involve guaranteeing regime security and Kim Jong-un¡¯s personal security through a collective multinational arrangement.


 S: What happened in successful countries which underwent economic transformation - Poland is one of them - was a lot investment of German companies to bring the Polish industry into a German economic space. So companies that were producing for the Soviet market ended up being transformed to being, for example, part of Volkwagen¡¯s market or part of German industry. 
 This was very successful, it created jobs, boosted income and built whole new cities. So in Poland¡¯s case, Germany was the magnet that led to structural transformation. I would say North Korea is in a great position since it is in the middle of a huge market. South Korean, Chinese and Japanese enterprises could play a huge role.


 H: For the time being, the North is putting lot of resources on the tourism industry, since it is the safest area where they can reap easy rewards.


 S: It¡¯s a good industry from the point of view of human exchange. There are millions of Chinese tourists. Opening will also bring a lot of small enterprises up. A massive growth of small business and very high rate of employment will result from this.


 H: North Korea has been isolated for so long that they are far behind in terms of human resource development. How would you advise them in terms of accelerating human resource development?


 S: Well I think this is one area where universities could play a huge role. Part of acceleration is the training of new teachers and curricula. South Korea has educational institutions, and I would encourage them to partner with universities in the North or establish campuses and have programs of exchange. By creating quickly a larger and larger cadre of young, well-trained people, this can percolate throughout the country very fast.


 H: You¡¯re right. I remember in the 1960s, when South Korea was still developing the first and second five-year plans, economists from Stanford and Harvard provided much needed advice. Now South Korean economists and retired managers from big corporations, as well as SMEs (small and medium-sized enterprises), can help deliver their experience to the North. I think the North is blessed in terms of having this outside experience to draw from if they are willing to accept help.


 S: I think that is exactly right. If you put the pin on the map of the place most surrounded by dynamism, it probably would be North Korea right now. It is the innovation hub worldwide, and this is a very favorable condition.


 H: I understand that you have a favorable opinion of China¡¯s Belt and Road Initiative. In what sense do you support the idea? 


 S: As China has become an economic giant, it wants to extend Chinese investment to Southeast Asia and Central Asia. This is very natural. China is in the process of becoming a multinational leader. It¡¯s what Japan did 40 years ago. Though it didn¡¯t call it that, it also had a similar project for Southeast Asian countries like Malaysia, Indonesia or Thailand. But there is a big question mark as to whether China is really building truly good projects for Asia or just building politically convenient projects. The record is mixed, not so favorable. For example, in Pakistan, they have built a lot of coal-fired power plants. That¡¯s a terrible idea.


 H: Washington is increasingly turning more critical of the Belt and Road Project. How do you view these changes? 


 S: For parts of the Washington establishment, the idea is very simple. China¡¯s rise is a fundamental threat to American primacy. There is only one room for one country on top and China is threatening America¡¯s position on top. If you have hierarchical view of the world, this make sense. If you have a network view of the world, it makes no sense. So to my mind, it makes no sense. I am not interested in America on top. I am interested in a peaceful relationship of many successful regions.
 In the United States, officials view the idea negatively because they view the world in a zero-sum struggle for dominance. But economics views the world in a positive-sum idea that more trade and investment is good. This project is too big for China to succeed alone. But China can¡¯t afford it by itself and doesn¡¯t have enough knowledge alone. My view is South Korea and Japan should be a part of this as well.


 H: President Moon Jae-in was able to obtain a promise from Kim Jong-un on the heels of the third inter-Korean summit in Pyongyang this September. Though Kim attached it to the condition that he would only do so if the United States took appropriate measures, he showed a willingness to dismantle the country¡¯s nuclear facilities at Yongbyon. It comes down to bilateral balance between Washington and Pyongyang. The United States is putting maximum pressure on the North. In Pyongyang¡¯s perspective, the measures may feel too harsh, but the sanctions must continue until they induce the North to denuclearize. I genuinely hope that the sanctions are lifted through prior negotiations and a second U.S.-North Korea summit. 

 Seoul summit is still possible this year: Moon
 South Korean President Moon Jae-in told reporters that there is ¡°still a possibility¡± that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un will make a trip to Seoul by the end of the year, which raises questions of whether security, logistics and an agenda can be prepared in time. 

 ¡°The possibility is still open for Chairman Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to happen within the year,¡± said Moon, answering reporters¡¯ questions aboard Air Force One en route to New Zealand Sunday following the G-20 leaders¡¯ summit in Argentina. ¡°Whether his visit will happen this year is a decision to be made by Chairman Kim.¡± 

 Moon said, ¡°A North Korean leader has never visited Seoul before, thus that in itself is very significant.¡± Such a visit to Seoul by Kim, he added, ¡°will carry a message of peace, his intention to denuclearize and his desire to advance inter-Korean relations.¡± 

 Thus, he said, regardless of what is discussed on a visit to Seoul, ¡°the trip happening in itself is important.¡± 

 U.S. President Donald Trump in bilateral talks with Moon in Buenos Aires Friday endorsed a Kim visit to Seoul for a fourth inter-Korean summit with the South Korean president. 

 Moon said that Trump asked him to ¡°convey a message to Chairman Kim if he makes a visit to Seoul within this year.¡± 

 Trump relayed, according to Moon, that he had ¡°very friendly feelings toward Chairman Kim and that he liked him, which is why he hopes Kim would implement the remaining agreement, and in turn, he will make what Kim wants come true.¡± 

 Kim and Trump held a historic summit on June 12 in Singapore that produced a four-point joint agreement committing to the complete denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula in return for security guarantees for the North. Kim has since pledged to take additional measures toward denuclearization if the United States takes corresponding measures. 

 Moon admitted that he initially had qualms about a trip to Seoul by Kim Jong-un taking place before North-U.S. high-level talks or a second Kim-Trump summit, but added, ¡°such concerns completely disappeared after my meeting with President Trump.¡±

 Trump has also been reaching out to the North and said Sunday that his second summit with Kim will happen early next year with a shortlist of three possible venues.

 Moon said that corresponding measures ¡°do not necessarily have to be sanctions relief,¡± adding that they could include the ¡°delay or reduction¡± of Seoul-Washington military exercises or humanitarian aid and nonpolitical cooperation such as sports and cultural exchange. He added, ¡°As a political statement, we can also consider a declaration to end the Korean War,¡± which lasted from 1950 to 1953 and ended with an armistice agreement.

 Moon brushed aside concerns that Seoul and Washington do not see eye to eye on sanctions relief and said in Seoul¡¯s steps toward advancing inter-Korean relations, ¡°There has been nothing that has not happened without consultation with the United States and the UN Security Council.¡± 

 On Kim¡¯s Seoul visit, a Blue House official said Monday, ¡°If haste is made, preparation can be completed within a week to 10 days. We are making preparations for what we can beforehand.¡±

 A key concern for the Blue House would be security, especially ensuring the safety of North Korean leader Kim, which could bring about protest rallies in Seoul. 

 ¡°The area that North Korea will pay most attention to during Chairman Kim¡¯s Seoul visit is security and safety,¡± Moon said. North Korea, as a policy, doesn¡¯t reveal the movement of its leader and takes extra measures to conceal his travels. 

 ¡°Kim¡¯s personal security team has over 100 personnel,¡± a Blue House official said. But it may be difficult to conceal his movements on a Seoul visit.

 There is also the issue of whether Kim would address the National Assembly, a reciprocation of Moon¡¯s address on Sept. 19 at the May Day Stadium in front of 150,000 North Koreans. In this address, Moon said that the two leaders pledged to turn the Korean Peninsula into ¡°a land of permanent peace, free from nuclear weapons and nuclear threats.¡± 

 Along with the address, a Blue House official said that a trip by Kim to Mount Halla on Jeju Island is also under consideration to reciprocate Moon¡¯s visit to Mount Paektu in North Korea during his Pyongyang summit. ¡°Chairman Kim has said that he wanted to ride the KTX train, so that is being reviewed,¡± said the official. 

 In terms of the agenda, Moon has emphasized that Kim¡¯s visit to Seoul in itself would be significant. Instead of focusing too much on the results, if it happens this year, it could serve as bridge to a second North-U.S. summit. 

 A Blue House official said, ¡°We cannot demand too many things from Chairman Kim during his visit to Seoul.¡±

 Law firm raided in court scandal
 Prosecutors last month raided the offices of Kim & Chang, Korea¡¯s largest law firm, over its suspected involvement in a major abuse of power scandal in the judiciary, a prosecution spokesperson said on Monday.

 Two of Kim & Chang¡¯s lawyers, former Blue House legal counsel Kwak Byung-hoon and another attorney surnamed Han, have been accused of playing key roles in the collusion between the Supreme Court and the Park Geun-hye administration to delay damage suits filed by Korean plaintiffs against Japanese companies that forced them into labor during World War II. 

 Kwak is believed to have acted as a liaison between the Blue House and the Supreme Court, while Han, who represented the Japanese companies in the cases, allegedly met former Supreme Court Chief Justice Yang Sung-tae three times to discuss the trials last year. 

 A spokesperson for the Seoul Central District Prosecutors¡¯ Office revealed on Monday that they raided the two lawyers¡¯ offices in northern Seoul on Nov. 12. This was first time the country¡¯s most prominent law firm was raided by the prosecution. Kim & Chang played such an instrumental role in the scandal that prosecutors now see the case as a trilateral conspiracy between the executive, judiciary and law firm, according to sources familiar with the investigation.

 The firm represented Japanese companies in a handful of forced labor trials that were under judicial review from 2012 onwards. Five of these were delayed in the Supreme and High Courts starting in 2013. A number of high-profile political figures - like former Blue House senior secretary for foreign affairs Yun Byung-se - worked for Kim & Chang while it represented the Japanese companies.

 Yun was appointed by Park as her Foreign Minister in March that year. Prosecutors believe he maintained the same position on the trials as the country¡¯s chief diplomat as when he was a Kim & Chang advisor. His predecessor as foreign minister, Yu Myung-hwan, traded places with him and became a senior advisor at the law firm following the end of his term. 

 In 2015, Han requested an assessment report on the trial from the Foreign Ministry on behalf of Lim Jong-hun, deputy chief of the National Court Administration. The ministry is believed to have been against a ruling in favor of the Korean plaintiffs because of the potential that such a verdict could harm relations with Japan.

 Han, a former judge and court researcher at the Supreme Court, allegedly communicated the Japanese companies¡¯ positions to Yang and Lim. Prosecutors pointed to this as a serious example of judicial misconduct. 

 Meanwhile, Kwak, who was legal counsel to the Blue House civil affairs secretary in February 2015, conveyed the Blue House¡¯s aversion to the trial to the Supreme Court through various meeting with Lim. This may classify as a violation of the separation of powers principle. Kwak was hired by Kim & Chang as soon as he left his job at the Blue House in May 2016.

 Both Kwak and Han have been summoned for questioning by the prosecution multiple times since their involvement was uncovered by investigators in September. 

 The prosecution¡¯s revelation about the raid, which emerged on the same day that they filed for the arrests of two former Supreme Court Justices, signals that investigators are ramping up their probe into the power abuse scandal. The prosecution is reportedly planning to summon the prime suspect in the case, former Chief Justice Yang, in the next few days. 

 Donghae Line survey team will travel by bus
 The two Koreas are expected to carry out their inspection of the Donghae Line along the eastern coast by bus rather than train due to the poor condition of the North¡¯s railroads. 

 Since last week, the North and South have been conducting a joint survey for a cross-border railway project.

 Last Friday, South and North Korea kicked off a joint survey of the Gyeongui Line railway, which would connect Kaesong - just north of the inter-Korean border - to Sinuiju near the border separating North Korea and China. A 28-person team composed of South Korean government officials and railway experts departed from Seoul Station on Friday for the inter-Korean border to join with North Korean experts for an inspection of 400 kilometers (249 miles) of tracks along the western coast. 

 Starting Saturday, the Koreas will conduct a study of 800 kilometers of tracks along the eastern coast on the Donghae Line, which runs from Mount Kumgang to the Tumen River. But unlike the Gyeongui Line team, the Donghae Line team will head toward Wonsan, in North Korea¡¯s eastern Kangwon Province, by bus instead of train.

 ¡°The Gyeongui Line survey team will end their inspection on Dec. 5 and return,¡± an official from South Korea¡¯s Unification Ministry said on Monday. ¡°After that, the Donghae Line survey team will take a bus to Wonsan, all the way to Anbyon Station, where they will transfer to a train and inspect all the way to the Tumen River.¡±

 This official said that as the team travels by bus across the military demarcation line (MDL) to Anbyon Station in North Korea¡¯s Anbyon County, Kangwon Province, it will ¡°conduct necessary studies of the region along the way.¡±

 While the team will travel by train as it conducts a survey of the region between Anbyon Station and the Tumen River, it will travel by bus from Kamho Station in Kosong County, Kangwon Province, near the inter-Korean border, to Mount Kumgang and Anbyon.

 The joint survey is a step toward a cross-border infrastructure project aimed at modernizing North Korean train lines and connecting them to the South to aid Pyongyang¡¯s economic development. The South Korean government initially proposed traveling to Kamho Station by train. However, during discussions on scheduling the joint survey, North Korea reportedly said running the train between Anbyon and Kamho was not possible. 

 ¡°North Korea explained to us during the discussions that there were two areas on the tracks that were damaged due to typhoons or flooding,¡± a South Korean government official said. ¡°The North Korean side has not yet completed the restoration, making the operation of the train difficult, so we decided that the survey team will examine this region by bus to confirm what is needed.¡±

 Anbyon and Mount Kumgang are around 100 kilometers and 14 train stations apart. 

 A survey conducted by bus will require the experts to study the electricity and communication infrastructure without actually testing it with a train. There may also be damaged tracks other than the ones the North mentioned.

 ¡°As the actual survey is carried out, there is a possibility that the number of tracks that need to be repaired will increase,¡± said the South¡¯s government official.

 The fact that the railway inspection team has to travel by bus indicates how old and in need of repair the North¡¯s tracks are. The actual connection of the railways could be a very costly and time-consuming process.

 On the Donghae Line, there is a region south of the MDL of around 104 kilometers between Gangneung and Jejin in South Korea¡¯s Gangwon that does not have tracks either. 

 ¡°This joint survey is being conducted so that when there sanctions by the international community are lifted, we will be able to start construction right away,¡± said an official from the South¡¯s Unification Ministry.

 Last month, the United States endorsed the inter-Korean joint railways survey. The UN Security Council in turn granted sanctions exemptions that allowed the South to carry fuel and other equipment into the North for the inspection.

 Prosecution requests warrants for top justices
 Prosecutors filed for arrest warrants for two former Supreme Court justices on Monday over their alleged involvement in a ballooning abuse of power case involving previous top court leadership.

 The Seoul Central District Prosecutors¡¯ Office requested the warrants for Ko Young-han and Park Byong-dae, it said. They face charges of abuse of power and obstruction of justice, among others.
 
 They are accused of working at the behest of then-Supreme Court Chief Justice Yang Sung-tae to interfere in trials in order to lobby the presidential office of then-President Park Geun-hye to establish a separate court of appeals, Yang¡¯s pet project.

 They were interrogated by the prosecution last month.

 Prosecutors suspect that Yang instructed his officials to exert pressure on judges in charge to deliver a verdict in Park¡¯s favor.

 Ko served as the NCA chief from February 2016 to May 2017 and retired this past August. Park was his predecessor.

 Ko is also accused of covering up an appeals court judge¡¯s wrongdoing in the southeastern city of Busan in 2016 because he had close ties with a then-presidential secretary and Yang needed their connection to lobby the Blue House.

 They have both denied any wrongdoing.

 Prosecutors have indicted a former NCA deputy head for being the point man in Yang¡¯s schemes. With the two former top court justices facing possible arrests, it is likely that the prosecution¡¯s next move will eventually target Yang

 Trump says summit will be soon
 U.S. President Donald Trump said Sunday that a second summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un will likely take place in January or February and that three venues are under consideration.

 Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One as he returned to Washington from Argentina for the G-20 summit that he will invite Kim to the United States ¡°at some point,¡± according to Reuters.

 ¡°We¡¯re getting along very well,¡± said Trump, referring to the North Korean leader. ¡°We have a good relationship.¡±

 Trump and Kim held their historic first summit on June 12 at the Capella Hotel on Sentosa Island in Singapore, a venue chosen after reviewing factors such as logistics and security. The two leaders ended up staying in different hotels in downtown Singapore and commuted to Sentosa Island by car on the day of the summit. 

 On Oct. 9, Trump said that ¡°three or four different locations¡± are being considered for a second North-U.S. summit in a press conference beside U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who announced that she will step down from the post at the end of the year. Trump also said he expected a summit with Kim would happen after the Nov. 6 midterm elections. 

 Some of the locations that could be considered for a possible second summit include neutral European nations such as Sweden and Switzerland. Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to Seoul, following South Korean President Moon Jae-in¡¯s summit with Kim in September, was initially expected to take place this year. If it is delayed until next year, another possibility is a meeting between Trump, Kim and Moon in Seoul. However, there is a low likelihood of this for now. 

 During the G-20 leaders¡¯ summit in Buenos Aires, Trump held bilateral talks with key regional players on the North Korea issue, including Moon, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. 

 Trump and Xi discussed North Korea during their working dinner in Buenos Aires Saturday. In a press release, the White House said that the two leaders ¡°agreed that great progress has been made with respect to North Korea¡± and that Trump, together with Xi and Kim, will strive ¡°to see a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula.¡± 

 Trump reportedly ¡°expressed his friendship and respect for Chairman Kim¡± during this meeting with Xi. 

 U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo also said Saturday that he expects a second summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to take place after Jan. 1 next year. 

 ¡°I hope it¡¯ll happen pretty soon,¡± said Pompeo in an interview with CNN. ¡°We¡¯re working hard at it. I think it¡¯ll happen shortly after the first of the year. But I don¡¯t have any additional information to share with you this morning.¡±

 Pompeo has yet to hold high-level talks with his North Korean counterpart that could further cement details on a second summit, including a date, location and agenda. He was initially scheduled to meet with Kim Yong-chol, the vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, on Nov. 8 in New York. The meeting was canceled last minute, and despite expectations that it could be rescheduled for later that month, Pyongyang has so far been unresponsive. 

 With the delay in high-level talks in New York, and working-level talks also stalled, observers have pointed out Pompeo may end up making a fifth trip to Pyongyang instead to plan for a second summit as early as next month. 

 Pompeo told CNN, ¡°We continue to have conversations about the right next step - that is the right substantive next step - not the process next step of meetings.¡± 

 Pompeo once again referred to ¡°global sanctions put in place by the United Nations Security Council which denied North Korea the capacity to improve their economy¡± and said ¡°that¡¯s not going to change.¡± He pointed to South Korea and Japan as a few of Washington¡¯s partners across the world that it is working with on the issue.

 Pompeo also said that Washington will not pay North Korea to denuclearize and will adhere to its stance that sanction relief won¡¯t happen before complete denuclearization. 

 ¡°Unlike previous administrations that, when it got to a point that became difficult, wrote checks for tens and hundreds of millions of dollars and let the North Koreans off the hook in that sense, we¡¯re determined to fulfill the commitments that were made by Chairman Kim in Singapore, and we¡¯re working hard at it,¡± he said.

 Trump supportive of Kim¡¯s visit to Seoul
 Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed during their meeting in Argentina that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to Seoul will provide ¡°additional momentum¡± to establish peace on the peninsula, according to the Blue House. 

 The two leaders held their sixth bilateral meeting since they took office on Friday on the sidelines of the Group of 20, a gathering of the leaders of the world¡¯s largest economies, in Buenos Aires. Trump reiterated his commitment to holding a second summit with Kim early next year. 

 ¡°President Trump reconfirmed his intention to hold the second North-U.S. summit early next year, calling for close South Korea-U.S. cooperation in order for the summit to be another historic milestone in the denuclearization process of the Korean Peninsula,¡± said Yoon Young-chan, the presidential secretary for public affairs, in a press briefing in Buenos Aires. ¡°The two leaders agreed that Chairman Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to Seoul would provide additional momentum to their joint efforts to establish peace on the Korean Peninsula.¡± 

 The two leaders also stressed the importance of maintaining existing sanctions on the North until its complete denuclearization, according to Yoon. 

 The White House released a statement that said that Moon and Trump ¡°agreed on the importance of maintaining vigorous enforcement of existing sanctions to ensure the DPRK understands that denuclearization is the only path to economic prosperity and lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula.¡± The DPRK is an abbreviation of the North¡¯s official name, the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea.

 However, a senior Blue House official said that the two leaders ¡°did not go into detail¡± about easing sanctions on the North, which Pyongyang is pushing for.

 Moon has repeatedly emphasized the need for Kim Jong-un to make a visit to Seoul within the year. According to a senior Blue House official, ¡°The two leaders shared a definite consensus on this.¡± The fourth Moon-Kim summit was agreed upon in September during Moon¡¯s Pyongyang visit.

 Trump also lauded Moon¡¯s efforts ¡°to ease military tensions and create a friendly atmosphere conducive to denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula.¡±

 ¡°We are generally satisfied with the content of the summit,¡± a high-level Blue House official told reporters. ¡°It was not just us. The United States was also satisfied.¡±

 ¡°The chemistry between the South Korean and U.S. leaders was good,¡± said the official. ¡°It is likewise for the North Korean and U.S. leaders.¡± 

 Because these were leader-level talks with limited time, the official said ¡°they didn¡¯t discuss every minute detail but instead focused on the larger picture.¡± 

 The Korean official likewise remained optimistic that Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to Seoul will happen in the near future.

 ¡°If you look at his record for the past year, Chairman Kim always keeps his word,¡± the Blue House official said. ¡°Even if the North Korean leader¡¯s trip to Seoul does not happen this month, it will take place soon.

 ¡°President Moon is not the type of person who impatiently rushes,¡± he said. ¡°The trip doesn¡¯t have to happen within the year and will follow the flow.¡±

 The official added that ¡°The top-down approach is especially good. Unlike in the past, this method resolves issues.¡± 

 Moon and Trump also were said to have ¡°shared the view that the North-U.S. summit should happen as soon as possible¡± and that ¡°there will be further progress from the first summit.¡±

 The official said that a ground-breaking ceremony for an inter-Korean railway project is also expected to happen within the year. 

 During his three-day trip to Argentina to attend the G-20 summit, Moon also held bilateral talks with Argentine President Mauricio Macri, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte and South African President Cyril Ramaphosa.

 Moon departed for New Zealand, the last leg of his three-country overseas trip, on Sunday. Moon will meet with New Zealand¡¯s Governor General Patsy Reddy and hold a summit with Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern during his three-day trip to the country.

 Soldier from North defects across eastern part of DMZ
 A North Korean soldier defected to South Korea across the eastern land border on Saturday, Seoul¡¯s Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) said.

 South Korean military detected the soldier crossing the military demarcation line at 7:56 a.m., the JCS said.
 
 ¡°Related agencies plan to investigate him regarding the details of how he came to the South,¡± the JCS said in a text message sent to reporters, adding that there were no ¡°special activities¡± from the North Korean army on the front line.

 ¡°Following demolition of guard posts between the South and the North, our security operations on the front line have had no problem,¡± a JCS official said. ¡°The soldier is safely in our custody.¡±

 This is the first defection case after each of the two Koreas completely destroyed 10 front-line guard posts and since demined a ridge in the demilitarized zone on Friday.

 Trump reaffirms second summit with Kim, welcomes Seoul visit of Kim
 U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday reaffirmed his commitment to a second summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, while apparently offering his blessing to Kim's scheduled trip to Seoul.

 In a bilateral summit with South Korean President Moon Jae-in in the Argentine capital of Buenos Aires, the U.S. president noted Kim's Seoul visit may create new momentum for efforts to denuclearize North Korea and establish peace on the Korean Peninsula.

 "While affirming his commitment to holding a second North Korea-U.S. summit early next year, President Trump asked that South Korea and the U.S. closely cooperate so the next summit will be another historical milestone in the process of denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula," Moon's top press secretary, Yoon Young-chan, said of the summit on the sidelines of the Group of 20 meeting.

 Trump first met the North Korean leader in Singapore in June.

 Heading into his sixth bilateral meeting with Trump, the South Korean president was widely expected to seek U.S. understanding for an additional round of inter-Korean summit before Trump's second meeting with the North Korean leader.

 Kim earlier agreed to visit Seoul before the year's end to reciprocate Moon's trip to Pyongyang in September.

 His trip, if made, will mark the fourth meeting between the leaders of the divided Koreas, which technically remain at war.

 Trump appeared to have offered his blessing for the fourth Moon-Kim summit.

 "The two leaders agreed Chairman Kim Jong-un's visit to Seoul would provide an additional momentum to their joint efforts to establish peace on the Korean Peninsula," Yoon told a press briefing in Buenos Aires.

 A senior official from the Blue House later insisted Trump must have been aware of Seoul's wish to hold the fourth Moon-Kim summit before the year's end as promised.

 The leaders of South Korea and the U.S. noted their efforts to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula have been and are moving in the "right direction," Yoon told the press briefing.

 They also stressed the need to maintain pressure on North Korea until the communist state completely denuclearizes.

 "The two leaders agreed that it is important to maintain existing sanctions until North Korea reaches complete denuclearization," Yoon said.
 The White House highlighted the importance of keeping sanctions intact.

 "The two leaders agreed on the importance of maintaining vigorous enforcement of existing sanctions to ensure the DPRK understands that denuclearization is the only path to economic prosperity and lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula," it said in a released statement. DPRK stands for North Korea's official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.

 Moon praised his U.S. counterpart for playing what he called a "pivotal role" in progress so far in the peace process on the Korean Peninsula.
 Trump, too, highly evaluated the South Korean leader's role in creating a favorable environment for denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula by easing military tensions.

 Friday's meeting between Moon and Trump marked the sixth of its kind since Moon took office in May 2017.

 Train heads North for joint railway inspection
 A South Korean train carrying 28 government officials and railway experts departed for North Korea on Friday morning to start a joint survey with Pyongyang on North Korean tracks, a major step in a cross-border infrastructure project aimed at modernizing North Korean train lines and connecting them to the South to aid Pyongyang¡¯s economic development.

 The railway survey marks another follow-up to the Pyongyang Declaration signed by South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in late September during their third summit, in which they agreed to pursue ¡°substantial measures¡± to develop the nations¡¯ economies in a ¡°balanced manner.¡± Moon and Kim specifically agreed to hold a tape-cutting ceremony by the end of this year to mark the beginning of an inter-Korean project connecting roads and railways between the two countries.

 Friday¡¯s start to the railway survey came a month later than the date both Koreas initially agreed upon in a high-level meeting in early October. That original plan was botched by Washington¡¯s reluctance to lift sanctions on the North until last week, when it finally gave the green light. The UN Security Council granted the South sanctions exemptions to carry fuel and other equipment into the North for the survey. Seoul has stressed that actual construction work to modernize North Korean train lines will ¡°be carried out along with progress in North Korean denuclearization.¡±

 Before the South Korean train headed for the North on Friday, a farewell ceremony was held at Dorasan Station, just south of the border in Paju, Gyeonggi. Politicians and high-level government officials from the Unification Ministry and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport traveled with the 28 South Korean surveyors from Seoul Station, central Seoul, to attend the event. From Seoul Station to Dorasan Station, they took the same train that went into the North.

 ¡°Peace on the Korean Peninsula will solidify and both the South and North will prosper together as our railways link as one in the future,¡± Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon said in a congratulatory speech. 

 Transport Minister Kim Hyun-mi said the farewell ceremony signified the beginning of inter-Korean co-prosperity and a ¡°catalyst expanding the economic territory of the Korean Peninsula, which had been isolated like an island, to the Eurasian continent.¡± 

 Those who weren¡¯t part of the South Korean survey team got off the train after the ceremony and headed back to Seoul. The South Korean train was composed of a locomotive and six other cars that went into the North to reach Panmun Station in Kaesong. The six cars included quarters for sleeping and offices as well as storage for fuel, drinking water and a generator. Seoul took 55,000 liters (14,529 gallons) of diesel, a UN-sanctioned item, to the North for the journey. 

 At Kaesong, South Korea's locomotive was swapped with North Korea's, and three North Korean cars which Seoul¡¯s Unification Ministry did not immediately specify were attached to the six South Korean cars. 

 Through Dec. 5, the South Koreans will team up with North Korean officials and experts to look at 400 kilometers (249 miles) of tracks along the western coast from Kaesong, just north of the inter-Korean border, all the way up to Sinuiju, near the border separating North Korea and China. On the eastern coast they will study 800 kilometers of North Korean tracks from Anbyon County, Kangwon Province, to the northeastern edge of the Tumen River.

 Inspection bureau separated after golf claims 
 Members of the Blue House¡¯s special inspection bureau are to be replaced after they allegedly played a round of golf together during work hours, the Blue House said on Friday.

 ¡°We decided to send all members [of the bureau] back to their original agencies,¡± said Cho Kuk, senior presidential secretary for civil affairs, in a written statement on Friday. ¡°The decision was reached because if some members are suspected of corrupt practices, the bureau cannot carry out its purposes. We hope the prosecution and police will investigate immediately and with accuracy.¡±

 Cho did not confirm whether some members of the bureau played golf together during work hours. The allegation arose in recent media reports. 

 ¡°That matter is subject to official investigation and I cannot provide any more details,¡± Cho said.

 The special inspection bureau of the Blue House falls under the authority of the civil affairs secretary and consists of some 20 to 30 officials dispatched from the prosecution, police, Board of Audit and Inspection and the National Tax Service. Their role is to inspect the work of public companies and organizations that work with the Blue House to ensure no corrupt practices are in place.

 ¡°Cho asked the respective agencies to thoroughly investigate and take disciplinary actions against [those that are] guilty among the officials sent back to their original agencies,¡± said Blue House spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom on Thursday.

 At least one member of the bureau, a prosecutor, faces an additional allegation for having asked a police officer for the details of an investigation regarding a friend who had allegedly bribed officials of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport last month. The prosecutor allegedly pretended the case concerned officials at the Blue House, when it did not, to gain access to the internal information.

 The alleged incident was reported internally in the Blue House earlier this month and the prosecutor was dismissed from his position in the bureau. But it appears the Ministry of Justice has not taken disciplinary measures against the prosecutor.

 ¡°He is continuing his work as a prosecutor,¡± a prosecution official told the JoongAng Ilbo on Friday.

 Blue House spokesman Kim told reporters on Thursday that the Blue House ¡°has no power to take disciplinary action against the officials dispatched from agencies.¡±

 Opposition lawmakers called for Cho¡¯s resignation on Friday after the allegations emerged. ¡°An official of the Blue House¡¯s special inspection bureau is suspected to have dug into the internal information of a police investigation and it is said that the officials played golf together during work hours,¡± said Liberty Korea Party (LKP) floor leader Kim Sung-tae during a party meeting at the National Assembly on Friday. ¡°Cho Kuk must resign to take responsibility.¡±

 ¡°The person responsible for the inspection bureau is Cho,¡± said LKP Rep. Kim Young-woo. ¡°Cho is talking of replacing the members of the bureau but he should be talking about replacing himself.¡±

 Moon to have a ¡°pull aside¡± with Trump in Argentina
 President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump will have a ¡°pull aside¡± rather than a formal bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the Group of 20 summit in Argentina this week, Reuters quoted the White House spokeswoman as saying on Thursday. 

 Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Buenos Aires, Sarah Sanders said Trump will have ¡°pull asides¡± with both Moon and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

 U.S. National Security Adviser John Bolton earlier said that Moon and Trump will meet during the two-day summit starting Friday, and Korea¡¯s presidential office later confirmed the plan. Details of the time and place had yet to emerge.

 ¡°The White House has suggested we hold a summit with no one but translators, and we are in talks over the format, time and venue,¡± an official of the presidential office said.

 It will be the sixth bilateral meeting between Trump and Moon since both took office last year. North Korea is expected to top the agenda amid stalled progress on dismantling the regime¡¯s nuclear weapons program.

 North Korean leader Kim Jong-un committed to work toward the ¡°complete¡± denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula when he held historic summits with Moon and Trump this year.

 But Washington and Pyongyang have yet to hold formal negotiations since the Trump-Kim summit in Singapore in June. Trump has said he still expects to hold a second summit with Kim early next year.

 Koreas complete demolition of 20 guard posts
 South and North Korea each completed the demolition of 10 front-line guard posts and the demining of a ridge in the demilitarized zone (DMZ) on Friday, Seoul¡¯s defense ministry said.

 They began the work in October as part of a military accord to reduce tensions and build trust, which their defense chiefs signed in September after the third summit between President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Pyongyang.

 ¡°The work to completely destroy the guard posts, subject to the withdrawal agreement, was completed today,¡± a ministry official said on condition of anonymity. ¡°Next month, we will visit each other¡¯s guard posts to verify the demolition.¡±

 Seoul and Pyongyang each agreed to destroy 10 guard posts, while retaining one each that has historical or other value.

 The demining work proceeded at Arrowhead Ridge, or Hill 281, in Cheorwon, 90 kilometers (56 miles) northeast of Seoul - a site that the two Koreas have designated for a project to excavate troop remains from April to October next year. The land mine clearance operations were aimed at ensuring safety for the excavation project. Separately, the two sides will continue the construction of a road on the ridge, which is needed to transport personnel and equipment for the project, by the end of the year. The bilateral military accord includes a series of confidence-building and conventional arms control measures, such as disarming the Joint Security Area in the DMZ and setting up air, ground and maritime buffer zones to prevent accidental clashes. 

 Top court rules against Mitsubishi
 Korea¡¯s top court upheld lower court rulings Thursday that ordered Japan¡¯s Mitsubishi Heavy Industries to compensate Korean victims of forced labor during World War II, a decision that Tokyo immediately protested.

 The Supreme Court ruled on two cases against Mitsubishi and upheld appellate court decisions in favor of the elderly victims of forced labor during Japan¡¯s colonial rule over Korea, which lasted from 1910 to 1945.

 In the first ruling, it ordered the company to pay 100 to 150 million won ($89,250 to $133,900) each to five women forced to work in the company¡¯s plants in Nagoya, Japan, as young teens. One victim died, so her family is to be compensated instead.

 In the second case, the court ordered the company to pay 80 million won to each of six victims who had been forced to work at Mitsubishi¡¯s plants and shipyards in Hiroshima or their families. A total of 23 people are to be compensated.

 ¡°It is difficult to determine that the rights to compensation in relation to Japan¡¯s unlawful acts going against humanity and illegal acts related to its colonial rule were included in the claims agreement,¡± said the court. 

 The ruling is in the same vein as the Supreme Court verdict one month ago that ordered Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal to compensate Korean victims after concluding that the individuals¡¯ right to file claims for damages has not expired. The top court on Oct. 30 called on Nippon Steel to pay 100 million won in compensation to each of four Korean victims. That decision was immediately protested by Japan. 

 The ruling countered Tokyo¡¯s claim that the 1965 treaty normalizing bilateral relations with Seoul settled all compensation matters once and for all.

 In the 1965 agreement, Tokyo provided an economic cooperation fund of $500 million in economic grants and loans to the Korean government. But scholars and activists have called out the agreement for failing to address major issues such as Japan¡¯s liability for colonial rule. These experts view it as a political deal that resolved the financial and civil debt between Korea and Japan.

 On Oct. 30, the Supreme Court ruled that victims¡¯ rights to individual compensation have not expired because the Japanese government failed to ¡°acknowledge the illegality of its colonial rule¡± in the 1965 agreement. 

 Like it had after the Oct. 30 top court decision, Tokyo on Thursday immediately protested the Supreme Court verdict and warned that it could have repercussions on bilateral relations. 

 Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono called the decision ¡°regrettable¡± and ¡°unacceptable¡± just 30 minutes after the ruling on Thursday.

 He went onto tell reporters that claims issues had been resolved ¡°finally and irreversibly¡± through the 1965 bilateral agreement and that the decision ¡°fundamentally overturns the legal basis for friendly ties between Japan and Korea.¡± 

 He called for Seoul to take ¡°appropriate measures¡± and warned that Japan may have to consider other options, including international arbitration. 

 The Japanese Foreign Ministry also summoned Korean Ambassador to Tokyo Lee Su-hoon to lodge a protest over the court decision.

 Mitsubishi Heavy Industries issued a statement calling the ruling ¡°extremely regrettable¡± and a violation of the 1965 bilateral agreement. 

 ¡°Following the principle of the separation of power, the executive branch has to respect the decision of the judiciary branch,¡± said Noh Kyu-duk, spokesman of the Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs, addressing Tokyo¡¯s immediate protests. 

 ¡°Regardless of that, we think it is regrettable that the Japanese government continues to show an excessive response to our court¡¯s decision, and request for restraint.¡± 

 ¡°The overall intent of the Supreme Court decision is to underscore the need for the victims of forced labor to recover from the psychological damage that they received,¡± said Noh in a briefing Thursday. 

 ¡°After the Oct. 30 Supreme Court decision, related government agencies have been reviewing the situation related to the ruling. We plan to come up with a response through continued discussions and gathering opinions from civilian experts.¡±

 One of the female victims, 87-year-old Yang Geum-deok, was forced to work without pay at a military factory in Nagoya in May 1944. She was just 13 years old. She still suffers from a finger injury from her work at the factory. 

 Yang and others filed the damage suit against the Japanese government and Mitsubishi in March 1999 with a Nagoya district court. The Japanese top court ruled against the plaintiffs in November 2008. 

 The women filed a lawsuit in Korea in 2012.

 And on May 24, 2012, the Korean Supreme Court made a landmark ruling that sided with the victims. It called Japan¡¯s colonial rule unconstitutional and said that the individual¡¯s right to claim damages had not expired. 

 It sent the case back to the lower courts to determine those damages.

 Jeong Sang-hwa, 95, is one of six men who sued Mitsubishi since the early 1990s. He received the verdict 18 years after filing a lawsuit in Korea in 2000.

 Moon¡¯s approval falls below 50% for 1st time
 President Moon Jae-in¡¯s approval rating dropped below 50 percent for the first time since he took office in May 2017, the latest Realmeter presidential poll showed Thursday. 

 Moon¡¯s approval rating hit 48.8 percent in its ninth straight week of decline.

 Analysts blamed the decline on Korea¡¯s stagnating economy and Moon¡¯s preoccupation with inter-Korean relations. Denuclearization talks with the North have stalled recently. 

 The approval rating of the ruling Democratic Party also dipped to 37.6 percent in the same Realmeter poll, 1.6 percentage points lower than the previous survey. It also declined for the past nine weeks.

 In contrast, the main opposition Liberty Korea Party reached its highest popularity rating since the infamous Choi Soon-sil scandal broke out in October 2016, which led to former President Park Geun-hye¡¯s impeachment.

 The party had an approval rating of 26.2 percent in the latest poll, 3.3 percentage points higher than the previous survey and the highest since the third week of October 2016, when it was 29.6 percent. 

 The poll was conducted from Nov. 19 through 21 of 1,505 adults nationwide with a margin of error of 2.5 percentage points. 

 Moon¡¯s latest approval rating, 48.8 percent, is 3.2 percentage points lower than the previous week¡¯s figure of 52 percent. 

 In the latest poll, 45.8 percent said they were unsatisfied with Moon¡¯s statecraft, while the remainder, 5.4 percent, said they did not know or refused to give an answer.

 Moon¡¯s highest approval rating in the second half of 2018 was in the fourth week of September, after the third inter-Korean summit, when it hit 65.3 percent. Since then, his popularity has sunk 27.5 percentage points over nine weeks.

 The 50 percent of respondents who identified themselves as political moderates replied they thought negatively of Moon, more than the 46.5 percent who thought of him positively. It was the first time since the Blue House chief was elected president that more moderates were against him than moderates who weren¡¯t. In the fourth week of September, 64.8 percent of moderates answered they were optimistic about Moon.

 Kwon Soon-jung, the head of the pollster¡¯s research and analysis department, said Moon could experience a ¡°negative bandwagon effect,¡± in which people go along the general public sentiment that he¡¯s not doing a good job, and his rating could decline further.

 The ruling Democratic Party has avoided openly mentioning Korea¡¯s sluggish economy because ¡°economics is a psychological thing,¡± a Democratic Party lawmaker said Thursday on the condition of anonymity. ¡°But I think it¡¯s time to acknowledge that, and head into the direction of saying we¡¯ll try to fix it.¡±

 Bae Jong-chan, director at Research & Research, said that moderates were turning their backs on Moon because he¡¯s been focusing too much on the North Korean nuclear issue without showing enough attention to social integration.

 Former mayor of Seoul rejoins the LKP
 Former Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon returned to the main opposition Liberty Korea Party (LKP) on Thursday. 

 Oh¡¯s return signals the beginning of a reconciliation between Korea¡¯s conservatives, who have been divided since former President Park Geun-hye was impeached almost two years ago.

 ¡°I have reentered the [LKP] to contribute to building a single conservative front,¡± Oh said at a press conference following a welcome ceremony at the National Assembly. ¡°The ruling party is acting arrogantly in front of the people because the opposition has failed to unite and has collapsed in disunity.¡±

 The LKP welcomed Oh¡¯s return as a symbol that they are the right¡¯s chief party after two years of incessant schisms and infighting. 

 Oh was among the dozens of key politicians in the Saenuri Party - the governing conservative party during the Lee Myung-bak and Park presidencies - who renounced their membership in the party in December 2016 after Park was impeached in the National Assembly for her role in a massive corruption scandal. 

 The rebel group of 29 lawmakers and dozens of prominent political figures like Oh officially founded the Bareun Party in January last year. They pledged to build a new conservative party free from associations with Park¡¯s corruption. 

 But the grand political experiment did not last: many lawmakers of the Bareun Party have straggled back into the arms of LKP, the direct successor of the Saenuri Party. 

 Many of them acknowledged after their return that the fledgling conservative party was just too unpopular to rally the right to prevent liberals¡¯ rise to power.

 The Bareun Party later merged with the centrist People¡¯s Party to form today¡¯s Bareunmirae Party.

 Thursday¡¯s defection by Oh stands as yet another reminder that the LKP, which never truly renounced its ties to Park, has effectively won the battle for Korean conservatism. 

 Oh, who was first elected as Seoul¡¯s mayor in July 2006, is a contentious figure in Korean politics, largely due to his dramatic resignation as mayor seven years ago. 

 Though widely regarded as a presidential hopeful following his re-election in 2010, Oh put everything on the line in August 2011 when he vowed to quit if voters did not take his side in a city-wide referendum on providing free school lunches to all children in Seoul. 

 Two-thirds of Seoul voters failed to turn out for the vote, invalidating the referendum. Oh followed through with his promise and quit his job.

 Since then, Oh has kept a relatively low profile, though his name occasionally surfaces as a potential leader of the conservatives. 

 He made a foray back into politics in the legislative elections of April 2016. Oh was given the Saenuri Party¡¯s nomination to run in one of the most symbolic districts in that election - Jongno A - against the Democratic Party¡¯s five-term lawmaker Chung Sye-kyun.

 Though polls had Oh leading by a solid plurality a month before the elections, he suffered a crushing defeat by Chung, who went on to serve as speaker of the National Assembly. 

 Oh said on Thursday that he joined the Bareun Party because of his desire to support former UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon¡¯s candidacy for the 2017 presidential elections. When Ban¡¯s potential candidacy fizzled out, Oh exited the Bareun Party to remain as an independent.

 Now that Oh is back in the LKP, analysts say he may seek the party¡¯s leadership in the February election or run for a National Assembly seat in next April¡¯s legislative elections. 

 Moon promotes Korean nuclear power with Czech leader
 President Moon Jae-in promoted South Korea¡¯s nuclear power technology during a bilateral meeting with Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis on Wednesday in Prague.

 Moon asked the European leader to consider Seoul as a strong candidate for the country¡¯s 10 trillion won ($8.9 billion) bid to construct two new reactors. 

 Yoon Young-chan, Moon¡¯s public affairs secretary, told reporters during a briefing in the Czech capital that Babis said he was well aware of South Korea¡¯s success with the Barakah nuclear project in the United Arab Emirates and praised Seoul¡¯s development of safe nuclear technology. 

 Babis, however, quickly added that the Czech Republic ¡°hasn¡¯t finished preparations¡± for the bid yet and didn¡¯t relay any specific schedule for it, according to Yoon.

 A high-level Blue House official who spoke on the condition of anonymity brushed off questions about whether Babis shunned Moon¡¯s offer. He said that both leaders managed to build a ¡°significant¡± level of ¡°understanding¡± on the nuclear reactor deal and that Babis showed a ¡°better reaction¡± to Moon than Seoul initially expected. 

 The official refused to elaborate specific details of their discussion, citing South Korea¡¯s ¡°strategy¡± in winning the bid. South Korea¡¯s competitors include China, the United States, France and Russia. 

 The Czech Republic aims to place an order with a foreign country as early as next year to build two new nuclear power reactors and start operating them by 2030.

 The South Korean government is ¡°meticulously¡± going over ways it can win the bid, stressed the Blue House source. To accusations that it¡¯s hypocritical for Seoul to enter the bid when Moon aimed to replace nuclear power with renewable energy in South Korea, the official underscored that the phase-out policy was ¡°separate¡± from exporting nuclear technology.

 In his meeting with Babis, Moon also explained South Korea¡¯s efforts to establish permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula and gave updates on progress made with North Korea. The Czech prime minister reportedly said he would continuously support South Korea¡¯s efforts to peacefully solve the North Korean nuclear issue. 

 Blue House officials said on background that Seoul initially pushed to have Moon talk with Babis in a ¡°reception,¡± which has far lower diplomatic significance in the world of international protocol, given that the Czech prime minister is currently mired in a corruption scandal. The meeting was later upgraded to a ¡°conversation¡± on the request of the Czech Republic¡¯s Foreign Affairs Ministry.

 After his meeting with Babis, Moon departed for Buenos Aires to attend the Group of 20 (G-20) Summit. He¡¯s scheduled to hold his sixth bilateral summit with U.S. President Donald Trump on the sidelines of the G-20. 

 Moon will then head to New Zealand later in the week on a state visit to speak with Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and Dame Patsy Reddy. Moon will return to Seoul next Tuesday to end his eight-day trip to three countries.

 Supreme Court rules Mitsubishi must compensate forced labor victims
 Korea¡¯s top court upheld lower court rulings on Thursday and ordered Japan¡¯s Mitsubishi Heavy Industries to compensate Korean victims of forced labor during World War II.

 The Supreme Court ruled on two cases against Mitsubishi that day and upheld appellate court decisions in favor of the victims of forced labor during Japan¡¯s colonial rule over Korea, which lasted from 1910 to 1945. 

 In the first ruling, it ordered the company to pay 100 to 150 million won ($89,250 to $133,900) each to five women forced to work in the company¡¯s plants in Nagoya, Japan. One victim has died, so her family is to be compensated instead.

 In the second case, the court ordered the company to pay 80 million won to each of a group of 23 victims forced to work at Mitsubishi¡¯s plants and shipyards in Hiroshima or their families. 

 The decision is similar to a Supreme Court ruling on Oct. 30, which ordered Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal to compensate Korean victims by concluding that the individuals¡¯ right to file claims for damages has not expired.

 This countered Tokyo¡¯s claims that the 1965 agreement normalizing bilateral relations with Seoul settled all compensation matters.
 Tokyo immediately protested the Korean court ruling, as it had after the Oct. 30 decision. Japanese Foreign Minister Kono Taro on Thursday called the decision ¡°unacceptable¡± and called for Seoul to take an ¡°appropriate measure,¡± warning that Japan may consider other options, including international arbitration. 

 Mitsubishi Heavy Industries issued a statement calling the ruling ¡°extremely regrettable¡± and a violation of the 1965 bilateral agreement.

 Railway survey will start Friday
 The two Koreas will begin a joint survey of railways in the North this Friday, the latest step in a cross-border infrastructure project aimed at modernizing North Korean train lines and connecting them to the South¡¯s to aid Pyongyang¡¯s economic development.

 Seoul¡¯s Unification Ministry, which handles relations with Pyongyang, announced Wednesday afternoon that North Korea informed the South that morning of its intention to start the survey on Friday. The South initially contacted the North on Monday and asked to begin the survey on Thursday. The North didn¡¯t respond until Wednesday, when it suggested they start the survey a day later on Friday, according to the ministry.

 The survey is set to begin about a week after the United Nations Security Council gave the South sanctions exemptions to carry fuel and other equipment into the North for the survey. The council¡¯s decision was long overdue on the rapid schedule of inter-Korean cooperation, given that both Koreas had agreed in a high-level meeting in mid-October to begin a joint survey of railways running along the west coast of the peninsula in late October, and move on to the east coast of the peninsula shortly afterwards. 

 The entire survey of North Korean railways was supposed to be followed by a tape-cutting ceremony to mark the start of an inter-Korean project connecting roads and railways between both countries. In the mid-October high-level meeting, both Koreas agreed to hold the ceremony between late November and early December.

 That original plan was botched by Washington¡¯s reluctance to lift sanctions on the North until last week, when it finally gave the green light. South Korea plans to take 55,000 liters (14,529 gallons) of diesel, a UN-sanctioned item, to the North for the railway survey, which is set to run until Dec. 17. 

 In a press release, the Unification Ministry said the survey will help both Koreas plan out ways to modernize North Korean railways. It stressed that ¡°actual construction work will be carried out along with progress in North Korean denuclearization.¡±

 The South Korean government will continue discussions with the North to hold the tape-cutting ceremony within this year, the ministry continued. For 18 days from Nov. 30 to Dec. 17, officials and railway experts from both countries will travel a total of 2,600 kilometers (1,616 miles) of North Korean tracks. 

 From Nov. 30 to Dec. 5, the team will look at 400 kilometers of tracks along the western coast from Kaesong, just north of the inter-Korean border, all the way up to Sinuiju, near the border between North Korea and China. Along the eastern coast, the team will study 800 kilometers of North Korean tracks from Anbyon County, Kangwon Province, to the northeastern edge of the Tumen River. 

 The ministry explained that both Koreas surveyed the Gyeongui Line from Kaesong to Sinuiju back in 2007 during the left-leaning Roh Moo-hyun administration but it will be the first survey of the Donghae Line from Anbyon to the Tumen River.

 On a separate note, the Unification Ministry said Wednesday that the South plans to deliver 50 tons of chemicals to the North on Thursday for pine tree pest control, adding that the shipment does not violate UN sanctions on the regime. A 15-member South Korean delegation of government officials and forestry experts will visit the North for the delivery and hold working-level talks with North Korean officials on joint pest control, the Unification Ministry said. As South Korean President Moon Jae-in prepares for his sixth summit with U.S. President Donald Trump this Saturday, Seoul time, on the sidelines of the G-20 summit in Argentina, he is expected to encourage his American counterpart to be more lenient towards Pyongyang. The U.S. is refusing to ease sanctions on the regime until it achieves final, fully verified denuclearization. 

 But that apparently won¡¯t go so well, a recent announcement by the U.S. Justice Department hints.

 In a press release, the department said last Sunday that it pressed charges against Tan Wee Beng, a Singaporean man currently at large for conspiring to use the American financial system to conduct millions of dollars worth of transactions to finance shipments of goods to North Korea by a Singapore-based commodities company that he is a director and part-owner of.

 Opposition upbraids cops, KCTU over attack
 Opposition politicians are demanding the heads of labor activists and police after it was revealed on Tuesday that officers stood by while members of the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU) beat an executive of an automobile parts company last week. 

 On Nov. 22, as many as 50 members of a union affiliated with the KCTU broke into the building of YPR, a Hyundai Motor contractor in Asan, South Chungcheong, and forced two executives to seek refuge in an office.

 Seven members soon broke down the door to the office and beat up a managing director while raining insults upon him. 

 The director, identified only by his surname Kim, was punched and kicked for around an hour until blood covered the floor, according to witnesses at the scene. 

 Based on a police report and testimony by YPR CEO Choi Cheol-kyu obtained by the JoongAng Ilbo on Tuesday, the incident took place after Kim engaged in wage negotiations with a different company union not affiliated with the KCTU. 

 A handful of police officers arrived at the scene after the company made six attempts to contact them. They did little to stop the union members after they were blocked from entering the building. 

 For over forty minutes, the police stood by as union members beat a screaming Kim and threatened to hurt his family, Choi claimed. One of the assailants even said he would ¡°kill [Kim] and go to jail.¡± 

 The beating left Kim with a broken nose and fractures in his skull. He will have to be hospitalized for up to 12 weeks. His injuries have left him unable to testify to the police.

 Meanwhile, the alleged assailants have gone unpunished, though a spokesman for the Asan Police Precinct told reporters on Tuesday that five of those involved in the assault have been identified. 

 Conservative politicians and pro-business pundits have labeled the incident a case of undue violence exercised by a militant union.

 In a meeting at the National Assembly on Wednesday, the main opposition Liberty Korea Party¡¯s (LKP) interim chief Kim Byung-joon blamed the Moon Jae-in administration for allowing the KCTU to become ¡°mad with power¡± and act like it owned the world.

 ¡°Our country¡¯s law enforcement has completely fallen apart, and the KCTU is reigning as the nation¡¯s supreme tyrant and authority,¡± LKP Rep. Kim Moo-sung said at a debate later that day as he called for the policemen who stood by to be fired. ¡°This is all President Moon Jae-in¡¯s fault.¡± 

 This heightened rhetoric by the conservative opposition, analysts say, appears to be part of a strategy to drain the Moon government of public support by associating it with the aggressive behavior of certain labor activists in the leftist KCTU, one of the largest umbrella unions in the country. The KCTU is known for its cohesion and occasional belligerency. 

 But the KCTU has vocally opposed the liberal Moon government recently for its re-evaluation of its labor reform policies. On the day of the assault last week, it staged a massive strike nationwide to protest a major deal between Hyundai Motor and the government and a change to the government¡¯s 52-hour workweek policy.

 Perhaps as a gesture of mediation, the ruling Democratic Party¡¯s chairman, Rep. Lee Hae-chan, stressed on Wednesday that violence should never occur, and said that he would support measures to harmonize the relationship between labor and management. 

 Moon to hold summit with Trump at G-20
 South Korean President Moon Jae-in will hold a bilateral summit with U.S. President Donald Trump this week on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Buenos Aires, the Blue House announced on Wednesday.

 The meeting will mark Moon¡¯s sixth summit with Trump. It is set to be held about two months after they last met on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York last late September.

 A high-level Blue House official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said on Wednesday that the leaders are expected to meet on Friday, Buenos Aires time. The venue has yet to be decided, but chances are high that they will meet in a G-20 conference room in the Argentine capital. 

 Moon and Trump ¡°will discuss in-depth the process towards achieving peace on the Korean Peninsula and matters pertaining to the second North Korea-U.S. summit,¡± said the official. 

 U.S. National Security Adviser John Bolton said on a separate note that Trump is scheduled to hold bilateral summits with Moon, Chinese President Xi Jinping, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Russian President Vladimir Putin: the leaders of all the six-party nations except North Korea.

 A Moon-Trump summit hadn¡¯t been decided upon until Tuesday, when a Blue House official told reporters it would be ¡°difficult¡± to schedule a meeting with the White House chief due to his short stay in Argentina. 

 The G-20 Summit will last two days and will start on Friday, Buenos Aires time. Blue House officials hope that a Moon-Trump summit will help revive stalled denuclearization talks between Washington and Pyongyang and add momentum to discussions between Pyongyang and Seoul on North Korean leader Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to Seoul this year. The discussions on Kim¡¯s visit haven¡¯t even begun yet.

 When Moon met U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Nov. 15 in Singapore on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit, he used the opportunity to reaffirm Seoul¡¯s policy of engagement with Pyongyang. He also told Pence that it was imperative to ¡°specifically show¡± the North the bright future that awaits them if it denuclearizes.

 Taking a different tone, however, the White House said in a statement on the Moon-Pence meeting that the two discussed ¡°ongoing efforts to accomplish our two countries¡¯ mutual goals of achieving the final, fully verified denuclearization of North Korea.¡± 

 Moon left for his eight-day trip to the Czech Republic, Argentina and New Zealand on Tuesday.

 U.S. asked North to change its nuke negotiator
 Amid stalling denuclearization talks, Washington requested that North Korea change its chief negotiator for high-level talks from Kim Yong-chol, the vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, to Pyongyang¡¯s top diplomat Ri Yong-ho, a South Korean government official said Wednesday. 

 ¡°There was under-the-table contact before and after the North-U.S. high-level talks planned for Nov. 8 in New York,¡± an official familiar with the North-U.S. talks told the JoongAng Ilbo. ¡°Around this time, the United States wanted North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho as its dialogue partner,¡± rather than Kim. 

 The high-level talks in New York set for Nov. 8 between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Kim were canceled and have yet to be rescheduled, despite anticipation that they will take place within this month, as Pyongyang has been unresponsive. 

 Washington has not revealed why it wants to change its dialogue partner. Kim, who doubles as director of the North¡¯s United Front Department, which is responsible for inter-Korean relations, is a former spy chief who headed North Korea¡¯s Reconnaissance General Bureau. He has a military background, which could be a concern for Washington. 

 This official said, ¡°Kim has experience negotiating with South Korea, but he has been largely hostile, as he is an expert in military talks using straightforward speech. Because of this, the United States may have experienced something similar in its negotiations with him.¡± 

 Some believe that Washington may be attempting to keep North Korea in check. The North wants to deal directly with U.S. President Donald Trump. 

 Multiple U.S. administration officials have said that there is division within the U.S. State Department on how to approach North Korea. The request could reflect voices who have called for negotiations to happen through the diplomatic channel. 

 Washington has also been calling for high-level talks through a different contact channel, but North Korea has not been responsive. Jin Hee-gwan, a professor of unification studies at Inje University, said, ¡°North Korea regards changing the head of negotiations as its own authority, and will regard the United States¡¯ request as an infringement on its sovereignty.¡±

 During the inter-Korean summit with President Moon Jae-in in September and the meeting with Pompeo in October, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un agreed to the permanent dismantlement of the Tongchang-ri missile engine test site and Punggye-ri nuclear test site under the observation of outside experts.

 He also offered to dismantle the nuclear facilities in Yongbyon if the United States ¡°takes corresponding measures.¡± North Korea is expecting actions from Washington such as a declaration to end the 1950-53 Korean War, sanctions relief, economic incentives and normalization of relations. But Washington has been adamant that the North must reach a certain level of denuclearization before it offers such incentives. 

 The two sides, however, face a battle against time. The Democrats, who have been more skeptical of the denuclearization negotiations, will take control of the House of Representatives next February.

 Pompeo¡¯s North Korean counterpart has been Kim Yong-chol ever since he made his first visit to Pyongyang at the beginning of April as the Central Intelligence Agency director.

 During Pompeo¡¯s fourth visit to Pyongyang in October, he met with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. The two sides agreed to hold working-level talks between Biegun and the North¡¯s Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son-hui, which have yet to happen. 

 ¡°We are in frequent contact with North Korean officials. That¡¯s not changed,¡± said Heather Nauert, spokesperson for the U.S. State Department, in a press briefing on Tuesday. She added that Stephen Biegun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea, is ¡°leading those conversations,¡± but that such conversations, are happening ¡°at various levels, from the secretary level to Steve Biegun¡¯s level to the working level.¡±

 She also addressed the fact that Biegun has not yet held a meeting with the North. 

 ¡°Whether it¡¯s a face-to-face sit-down meeting, that¡¯s one thing,¡± she said, ¡°but we continue to have conversations and we think we¡¯re in a good place with that. Do more need to take place? Yes, certainly they do.¡±

 Ri Yong-ho is set make a four-day visit to Vietnam starting Thursday.

 North Korea has not only been unresponsive to U.S. offers for dialogue, but it shirked Seoul¡¯s offer to take part in a so-called Track 1.5 forum involving the other six-party nations. 

 The South Korean government invited North Korea to take part in the 2018 Northeast Asia Peace and Cooperation Forum in Seoul on Wednesday. North Korea ignored the invitation.

 Judges¡¯ impeachment statement not binding
 A senior U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) official in charge of Korean affairs will resign at the end of the year, multiple sources said on Tuesday.

 Andrew Kim, head of the CIA¡¯s Korea Mission Center (KMC), tendered his resignation effective Dec. 20 and will move to a research post at Stanford University, a senior official at South Korea¡¯s National Intelligence Service said.

 The Korean-American played a key role in negotiations with North Korea before and after the historic summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in June.

 The CIA official has led the KMC since the team was launched last year to focus on the growing threat posed by North Korea¡¯s nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs.

 He initially planned to stay until last summer, but continued in the post at the urging of U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.

 The two worked together when Pompeo headed the CIA prior to becoming secretary of state, and Kim accompanied Pompeo on all four of his trips to Pyongyang this year.

 ¡°I understand that Andrew Kim has been in constant consultation with Secretary Pompeo about his future,¡± said one source who spoke on condition of anonymity. ¡°I heard he will continue to work as an adviser to Secretary Pompeo.¡±

 Kim told several acquaintances in Seoul about his resignation plan when he visited the country earlier this month.

 The CIA is carefully reviewing potential candidates to succeed Kim, according to an official with knowledge of the issue. The KMC¡¯s deputy head is Korean-American, but he is reportedly not on the list.

 The U.S. State Department declined to confirm his retirement, but lauded him for his work.

 ¡°Andy Kim is fantastic,¡± department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said at a regular press briefing. ¡°Andy Kim has been a great partner of Secretary Pompeo, not only at the agency, and I can¡¯t speak for them, but certainly here at the State Department as well.¡±

 She added that U.S. Special Representative for North Korea Stephen Biegun is ¡°firmly in place¡± to continue nuclear negotiations with Pyongyang.

 Prosecutor apologizes for Busan labor camp
 With tears in his eyes, Prosecutor General Moon Moo-il on Tuesday apologized to victims of rampant abuse and killings that took place in the 1970s and ¡¯80s at Brothers Home, a mountainside labor camp in Busan.

 It was the first apology by a top law enforcement official for the prosecution¡¯s involvement in a cover-up of what historians call one of the most egregious atrocities in modern South Korean history. 

 ¡°I apologize from the bottom of my heart for the fact that the truth behind the abuses have never been fully revealed and that the tragic reality continues to this day,¡± Moon said at a rehabilitation center in Yeouido, western Seoul, where the prosecutor general heard testimonies from around 30 survivors who have spent decades trying to get the National Assembly to dig up the truth behind the abuses at Brothers Home.

 ¡°The government, in the past, created an internal security decree without a legal foundation,¡± said Moon as began his speech to the victims, pausing to contain his emotions. ¡°[The government] used force to lock up citizens at Brothers Home.¡±

 The stories of the victims, which have been kept quiet for so long, is deeply intertwined with South Korea¡¯s arrival to modernity and the brutality that lurked beneath its shimmering growth.

 In 1975, the Park Chung Hee government imposed a decree ordering that ¡°vagrants¡± - a term loosely defined to include orphans and homeless and disabled people - be interned at 36 isolated facilities. 

 Thousands were rounded up as a result. They were sent to a variety of places officially classified as welfare homes. In reality, they were not much more than concentration camps.

 At the biggest facility, a mountainside camp called Brothers Home in western Busan, detainees were subject to slave labor, daily beatings, rape and torture. 

 According to The Associated Press, which published a lengthy report on Brothers Home in April 2016 based on hundreds of exclusive documents and interviews with officials and former inmates, the abuses at the camp ¡°were much more vicious and widespread than previously known.¡±

 Unpaid inmates worked in more than 20 factories within the grounds of the facility. They made a variety of products like clothing and shoes that were then sold abroad to line the pockets of the institution¡¯s managers, particularly its owner, Park In-keun. 

 Quarantined from society by tall walls, guards and dogs, the inmates at Brothers - many of whom were children - were beaten almost daily, fed almost nothing and lived a hellish existence as slaves. 

 The numbers interned at Brothers only increased in the 1980s as Korea prepared to host the 1988 Summer Olympics. The authoritarian Chun Doo Hwan regime instituted a massive crackdown to ¡°cleanse¡± the country¡¯s streets. 

 Among the approximately 4,000 people interned at Brothers, at least 513 internees died over the span of twelve years, according to official counts, though the actual number of dead is believed to be much higher.

 Witnesses say that death as a result of beatings, rape and confinement, among a litany of abuses, were so common that the bodies were piled up like garbage and buried en masse.

 The human rights violations at Brothers first came to light in March 1987 after 35 inmates escaped the facility. But the Chun Doo Hwan regime, fearing that revelations of rampant abuse would add fuel to public resistance against authoritarian rule, forced prosecutors and courts to close the case as fast as possible. Park In-keun, who made a fortune from running the camp for over a decade, was only sentenced to two years in prison. 

 Despite the scale of the atrocity, the case has gained minimal attention since then, largely as a result of a massive ¡°cover-up orchestrated at the highest levels of government,¡± according to The Associated Press. 

 Attempts at investigations were suppressed even under subsequent governments, as key figures at the time continued to wield influence in politics and the bureaucracy. Kim Yong-won, a former prosecutor based in Busan who first pursued the case, was eventually forced out of his position by superiors.

 Kim was in attendance at Moon¡¯s apology, and stressed the institutional nature of the prosecution that prevented proper justice from being served. ¡°Many prosecutors are still loyal only to the hierarchy,¡± Kim told the JoongAng Ilbo on Wednesday. ¡°If we do not change the structure of the prosecution, there will be a second Brothers Home.¡±

 Park, Chinese premier discussed environment
 Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang agreed to expand local government exchanges and work together to jointly resolve environmental issues in talks in Beijing on Tuesday.

 High levels of fine dust in Korea recently have caused concern over pollution coming from China. 

 During the 30-minute meeting, Li said that he ¡°strongly supports exchanges focused on the local governments of the two countries¡± and called ¡°for more active cooperation to resolve environmental issues and expand people-to-people exchange.¡± 

 Park was accompanied by the mayors of the Korean cities of Daegu and Sejong and the governors of the provinces of South Chungcheong, South Jeolla, North Gyeongsang and Jeju Island. 

 Li told the Korean local government heads that ¡°South Korea is an important trade partner for China, and a country with great potential for future development.¡± 

 He went on to point out that local governmental cooperation ¡°is proving to be a platform with great hidden potential for cooperation between the two countries.¡±

 Park said that, while relations between the two countries central governments are important, ¡°local government exchange is just as important.¡± 

 He then expressed hope that ¡°Korean and Chinese local governments will share their many experiences and policies on tourism and environmental pollution for more detailed and practical exchanges.¡±

 There have been indications that Chinese tourism to Korea has rebounded in recent months. The number of Chinese tourists plunged following the deployment of the U.S.-led Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (Thaad) system in the country last year, which China was opposed to.

 Park¡¯s four-day trip to Beijing, which kicked off Sunday, comes as the two cities mark the 25th anniversary of establishing sisterhood ties. 

 Park, with the Korean city and province chiefs, took part in the second South Korea-China local government summit Tuesday and attended a Seoul-China Investment Week event Wednesday.

 On Monday, Park took part in a Seoul-Beijing forum on climate change and air pollution
 
 Seoul and Beijing agreed on Monday to launch a joint research group next year to analyze air quality and reduce fine dust particle levels.

 ¡°I am certain that the joint research group will be the foundation for a healthier Seoul and Beijing,¡± said Park at the forum. ¡°Climate change and environmental pollution is not a problem of tomorrow; it is an urgent task that is threatening our lives today.¡±

 The joint research group includes the Seoul Metropolitan Government Research Institute of Public Health and Environment, the Beijing Municipal Research Institute of Environmental Protection and the Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Monitoring Center. 
 
 The results of the study will be announced in the latter half of next year. Park also became the first Seoul mayor to give a lecture at Peking University later that afternoon . 

 He spoke in front of some 170 students on a response to global climate change, renewable energy, urban restoration, as well as youth innovation policy. 

 ¡°This year marks South Korea and China¡¯s 26th anniversary of bilateral relations, and the 40th anniversary of China¡¯s reform and opening up,¡± said Park during the lecture. He referred to areas that Seoul and Beijing can cooperate in, and pointed out that ¡°climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions, air pollution and uncontrolled city development are joint tasks that Seoul and Beijing can resolve together.¡±

 Park went on to emphasize that next year marks the 100th anniversary of the March 1 Independence Movement in Korea protesting Japan¡¯s colonial rule and also marks the 100th anniversary of the May Fourth Movement of 1919 involving student protests. 

 Likewise, he underscored that ¡°Korea and China will prepare for a new 100 years together.¡± 

 He told Korean students studying in China ¡°not to forget [they] are an important bridge in Korea-China relations and public diplomacy.¡±

 Beijing refuses to tell Seoul why spy plane entered Kadiz
 A Chinese spy plane entered Korea¡¯s air defense identification zone (Kadiz) without notice three times on Monday, but Beijing didn¡¯t respond to Seoul¡¯s requests for an explanation over their military hotline.
 
 The Chinese military plane first entered the Kadiz northwest of Jeju Island at around 11 a.m., according to the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The plane initially flew out of the Kadiz about 40 minutes later toward Ieodo, an underwater reef controlled by Korea in waters that both Seoul and Beijing claim, and briefly entered Japan¡¯s air defense identification zone (Jadiz). 

 The Chinese military plane appeared to be a Shaanxi Y-9JB electronic warfare and surveillance aircraft. 

 The plane entered the Kadiz from the southeast of Pohang in North Gyeongsang and then again near Ieodo. It then retraced its route and finally left the zone westward toward China at 3:53 p.m.

 Korea demanded answers over its hotline with China as to why its military aircraft entered the Kadiz, but the Chinese side didn¡¯t respond. The Korean Air Force conveyed multiple warnings and requested that the plane immediately leave the Kadiz, but the Chinese side still didn¡¯t reply. 

 The hotline connects Korea¡¯s Master Control and Reporting Center, or MCRC, to the air defense monitoring center of China¡¯s Northern Theater Command. It is intended to prevent accidental clashes. A Korean military official said Tuesday that ¡°This is the first time that China didn¡¯t respond over the hotline on its unauthorized entry into the Kadiz.¡±

 The Korean Air Force scrambled 10 fighter jets, including its F-15Ks and KF-1s, in response. Seoul¡¯s Ministry of National Defense summoned Du Nong Yi, a military attache at the Chinese Embassy in Seoul, to lodge a protest over the entry. Likewise, the Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs also summoned a Chinese Embassy official and expressed ¡°regret¡± the same day and requested that such an incident ¡°does not recur.¡± 

 Chinese military planes entered the Kadiz without notice 110 times between January and September of this year, according to data submitted by the Air Force to the National Assembly¡¯s Defense Committee on Tuesday. This includes both cases of prolonged flight time within the Kadiz and brief entries. The number of entries increased 11 times over last year, when Chinese aircraft entered the Kadiz without notice 10 times. 

 It is an international practice to inform a country prior to entering its air defense identification zone (ADIZ). The Chinese military has ignored this custom, and on Monday, it avoided communication with Seoul, which can be interpreted as blatant disregard for the Kadiz. Experts view China¡¯s continued entry into the ADIZ in the region as an assertion of its military power.

 ¡°China is tactically obtaining information on South Korea, the United States and Japan and confirming the three countries¡¯ defense posture,¡± said Kim Hyung-cheol, a former deputy chief of staff of the Air Force. ¡°China, after strategically claiming the Yellow Sea, is now trying to similarly place the Korean Peninsula and the East Sea within its backyard and have its influence recognized.¡±

 China unilaterally proclaimed its own ADIZ in the East China Sea on Nov. 23, 2013. It overlaps with areas claimed by Korea and Japan.

 ¡°The Chinese Air Force, as it develops its capabilities, is expanding its scope of activities,¡± said Park Byung-kwang, a researcher with the Seoul-based Institute for National Security Strategy. ¡°As it shifts its influence into the Korean Peninsula and East Sea, the crossroad to the Pacific Ocean, it is, at the same time, keeping Japan, its old enemy, in check.¡±

 This marks the seventh time this year a Chinese military plane entered the Kadiz in a route passing near Ieodo, Jeju Island, Pohang and Ulleung Island. Chinese aircraft circled similar routes in January, February, April, July, August and October of this year. 

 Beijing defended the previous entries into the Kadiz as ¡°training exercises¡± to Seoul.

 ¡°The Chinese Air Force¡¯s trespassing the Kadiz has become regularized,¡± Kim said. ¡°At this level, it appears that it is being carried out under the orders of a higher line of command than China¡¯s Northern Theater Command, which oversees emergency situations on the Korean Peninsula.¡± 

 Trickster took millions from Gwangju mayor
 A woman pretending to be a former first lady swindled 450 million won (around $398,000) from Gwangju¡¯s former mayor, prosecutors said.

 The case was just one of a number of recent scams where the grifters pretended to be high-level political figures. 

 The Gwangju District Prosecutors¡¯ Office announced last Friday that they are investigating how Yoon Jang-hyun, mayor of Gwangju from 2014 to 2018, fell victim to a phone scam by a 49-year-old woman who pretended to be Kwon Yang-sook, the wife of former President Roh Moo-hyun.

 Yoon sent the woman, identified only by her surname Kim, a total of 450 million won in four transactions from December of last year through January of this year, prosecutors said.

 Kim told then-mayor Yoon that she needed the money to support her daughter¡¯s business. Using her familiarity with politics from working on the political campaigns of Democratic Party (DP) candidates, she tried to scam nine other politicians using the same method before finally succeeding with Yoon.

 The South Jeolla Provincial Police Agency, which investigated the fraud case before handing it over to prosecutors Friday, recommended that the prosecution indict Kim on impersonation and fraud charges.

 Prosecutors said that they plan to investigate why Yoon provided someone who he thought was Kwon with such a large sum of money, as the mayor was not personally acquainted with the former first lady or her close associates. Yoon only had a net worth of about 700 million won, according to a tax return he submitted in March. 

 There is a possibility that Yoon did so with the expectation that his help would be rewarded with political favors, such as the nomination of himself or one of his allies in the local elections that took place this June, prosecutors added.

 Police confirmed that 350 of the 450 million won paid by Yoon was received through loans from two major banks. The source of the rest of the money is not yet clear, prosecutors said, but Yoon likely obtained the money from his acquaintances. 

 A civic group and a number of political analysts monitoring the case argue that it should be investigated as a political corruption case. 

 Yoon fell victim to the scam due to his lack of political connections with the pro-Roh faction of the ruling DP, which may have fueled a desperate bid to build ties with key figures in the faction like former first lady Kwon, they said. 

 Facing low approval ratings, Yoon chose not to run for a second term as Gwangju mayor in the June election. The race was eventually won by the DP¡¯s Lee Yong-seop.

 Scams involving the impersonation of powerful political figures are not uncommon. They often target people with a minor political or public profile who want connections with those in power. 

 After learning of the frequency of such scams, President Moon Jae-in exhorted the public ¡°to regard any requests for money by those bringing up the president, his family members, or any Blue House employees as fraud¡± and report such cases to the police, according to Blue House spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom last Thursday. 

 Kim spoke about a number of major cases of impersonation fraud from last December and January. Scammers posed as such figures as Presidential Chief of Staff Im Jong-seok or Presidential Secretary for Political Affairs Han Byung-do. 

 The impostors requested up to 40 million won from the victims. In exchange, they claimed they would use the Blue House¡¯s authority to help push through local projects or give political support. In one case, a fraudster with an extensive criminal record forged a Blue House identification card and took 15 million from a man after promising him a job.

 Biegun warns that window for deal is closing
 Stephen Biegun, the top U.S. nuclear envoy, warned Seoul during a working group meeting last week that the ¡°window of opportunity is closing¡± for a nuclear deal between the United States and North Korea, according to a U.S. government official.

 This Washington official told the JoongAng Ilbo on Monday that Biegun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea, informed his South Korean counterpart that the current ¡°ambiguous¡± situation, where North Korea refuses to respond to offers for denuclearization talks, cannot continue.

 Biegun and Lee Do-hoon, South Korea¡¯s special representative for Korean Peninsula peace and security affairs, led the first working group meeting on Nov. 20 in Washington. The working group, composed of diplomats and officials from other relevant government bodies, was launched to bolster coordination between South Korea and the United States during the North¡¯s denuclearization process. Biegun reportedly made the remarks during one-on-one talks with Lee. 

 Biegun referred to North Korea canceling talks between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Kim Yong-chol, the vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, set for Nov. 8 in New York. The North was then unresponsive to offers by Washington to reschedule the meeting for Nov. 27 and 28. 

 Pompeo said earlier this week in a radio interview that Washington is ¡°prepared to be patient¡± with North Korea. At the same time, the Trump administration is recognizing that it can¡¯t wait forever. The Washington source said that those backing a North-U.S. deal are being ¡°driven to a corner¡± domestically. Democrats will take control of the U.S. House of Representatives after the midterm elections earlier this month, and they have conveyed the position that the stalling cannot continue. 

 Biegun¡¯s remarks to Lee indicate that Washington may want Seoul to tell Pyongyang that there is nothing to be gained from delaying the North-U.S. negotiations. 

 This can be considered a warning message to North Korea as no progress on denuclearization has been made since Pompeo¡¯s fourth visit to Pyongyang this year on Oct. 7. Washington could be hinting it may have to consider another method if the window of opportunity closes. At the same time, Washington could be urging Pyongyang to come to the negotiating table as soon as possible. 

 The U.S. government may also be revealing that it is shifting its stance on the North-U.S. negotiations. 

 On Nov. 15, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said that Washington will not require North Korea to hand over a list of nuclear and missile sites ahead of a second summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. On Nov. 21, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis indicated that Seoul and Washington will reduce the scope of the Foal Eagle exercise, a major annual joint military drill next spring, ¡°to keep it at a level that will not be harmful to diplomacy.¡±

 However, the Trump administration may be losing patience with North Korea as it continues to ignore overtures for talks. Biegun, now in his fourth month as Washington¡¯s top nuclear envoy, has yet to have a meeting with his counterpart, North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son-hui.

 The term ¡°window of opportunity¡± for diplomacy was also used by John Negroponte, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations during the George W. Bush administration, to describe the situation in Iraq on Jan. 28, 2003. The United States invaded Iraq on March 20 that year.

 During the working group meeting, Biegun reiterated Washington¡¯s stance that the sanctions on the North will not be eased until its complete denuclearization. The South Korean side emphasized its plan for a visit by the North Korean leader to Seoul, a declaration to end to the 1950-53 Korean War and a groundbreaking ceremony for an inter-Korean railway project, which Washington said it will work to support. Washington, however, reportedly conveyed concern over delays in finishing a multi-year cost-sharing deal for U.S. troops in South Korea. The current deal is set to expire at the end of this year.

 Moon leaves for trip hoping to meet Trump
 President Moon Jae-in left for an eight-day trip to the Czech Republic, Argentina and New Zealand on Tuesday.

 Moon is angling for a bilateral meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Buenos Aires. 

 A meeting between Moon and Trump hasn¡¯t been fixed yet, and talks between the two allies on holding one are still ongoing, a high-level Blue House official said on Tuesday on the condition of anonymity. 

 If they do meet, it will be their sixth summit. 

 ¡°It¡¯s hard [to schedule a summit between the two leaders] because President Trump is staying in Argentina for such a short time,¡± said the official. ¡°But we¡¯re trying our best to accommodate our schedules. I think a final decision will take more time to be reached.¡±

 The G-20 Summit will last two days starting Friday, Buenos Aires time. 

 Blue House officials hope that a Moon-Trump summit will breathe fresh air into stalled denuclearization talks between Washington and Pyongyang and add momentum to discussions between Pyongyang and Seoul on North Korean leader Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to Seoul this year. 

 Both Korean leaders agreed in their third summit on Sept. 19 that Kim would visit the South Korean capital by the end of 2018, but related talks have yet to begin. On Monday, Moon¡¯s aide said that the South Korean government was still hoping that Kim will visit Seoul this year but that ¡°it appears it¡¯s not going to be easy.¡± Even though Moon publically said early this month that he hoped Kim visits him soon, the North still hasn¡¯t reached out to Seoul to discuss the matter, Blue House officials say.

 Blue House spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom said on Monday that the government was discussing ¡°various¡± scenarios on Kim¡¯s visit, adding that now was a ¡°crucial time¡± to decide which would be more effective for bringing peace and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula: Kim visiting Seoul before the second North-U.S. summit or after. 

 If Kim visits after a second North-U.S. summit, he will visit South Korea next year, given that Trump said he was looking forward to meeting Kim after Jan. 1, 2019. This was the first time the Blue House openly raised the possibility that Kim could visit Seoul next year.

 Moon left Seoul Air Base in Seongnam, Gyeonggi, on Tuesday afternoon for the Czech Republic. 

 During his two-day stay there, Moon will hold a summit with Prime Minister Andrej Babis and talk about bilateral cooperation in the construction of nuclear power plants in the European country, a Blue House official said.

 Moon will then fly to Buenos Aires to attend the G-20 Summit, where he will promote his core economic policy of ¡°embracement,¡± the pursuit of economic stabilization for society¡¯s vulnerable members. Moon is also scheduled to hold separate bilateral summits with the leaders of Argentina, the Netherlands and South Africa on the sidelines.

 The South Korean president will then visit New Zealand on Sunday for a state visit with Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and Dame Patsy Reddy. Moon will return home next Tuesday.

 Seoul asked U.S. to stop bomber runs: General
 U.S. bombers are no longer flying over South Korea because Seoul asked for a pause due to the ongoing diplomatic efforts with Pyongyang, an American general said in Washington on Monday. 

 ¡°As we¡¯re going through the diplomatic aspect, we don¡¯t want to actually do something that¡¯s going to derail the diplomatic negotiations,¡± said Gen. Charles Brown, head of the U.S. Pacific Air Forces. ¡°That¡¯s part of the reason we¡¯re not doing [flights] over Korea.¡± 

 Brown¡¯s remarks came as he was talking with Pentagon reporters, according to AFP. 
 
 The AFP report did not mention when exactly Seoul made the request to Washington and when the request was accepted and went into effect. Choi Hyun-soo, spokeswoman for South Korea¡¯s National Defense Ministry, neither confirmed nor denied Brown¡¯s comment about Seoul¡¯s request. During a regular press briefing on Tuesday, she said that such matters are usually decided upon by mutual agreement between the allies.

 Citing a source in the South Korean military who spoke on the condition of anonymity, Yonhap News Agency reported that the last time U.S. bombers flew near South Korea was in November 2017, shortly after North Korea test-fired a Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile on Nov. 29. The regime claimed the missile was capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. 

 The U.S. Air Force used to routinely fly bombers over South Korea from Guam, a U.S. territory in the Western Pacific, as part of training or to warn North Korea against raising tensions in the region.

 Pyongyang reacted sensitively to the flights, denouncing them as U.S. efforts aimed at invading the country.

 Seoul appears to have made the request early this year, when South Korea and the United States began suspending and scaling down several major joint exercises. The Foal Eagle and Key Resolve exercises were postponed until after the PyeongChang Winter Olympics and Paralympics hosted by South Korea. The exercises were held in April on a smaller scale compared to last year.

 U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said last week that Foal Eagle, the largest regular joint exercise held by South Korea and the United States, will be scaled down next spring to a ¡°level that will not be harmful to diplomacy.¡±

 In response to concerns that the adjustments might affect the allies¡¯ readiness, Gen. Robert Brown, the head of the U.S. Army Pacific Command, said that high-level joint exercises were continuing off the peninsula.

 ¡°Battalion and below exercises on the peninsula is fine. And that¡¯s working very well on that small unit level,¡± he said during an interview with Defense News published Monday. ¡°And then above that, we¡¯re doing the higher-level exercises off the peninsula. We just did some in Hawaii, Joint Base Lewis-McChord and Washington state; even in Alaska we worked some scenarios, and we invite the ROKs [Republic of Korea, South Korea¡¯s official name] to do that.¡±
 
 The Army commander continued, ¡°Obviously, not as many can come. It¡¯s not as good as doing an exercise there in [South] Korea, but it¡¯s certainly better than not doing it at all.¡±

 South Korean defense spokeswoman Choi refused to specify on Tuesday the specific joint military exercises the allies were holding off on the peninsula, citing the sensitivity of the issue.

 Lee Jae-myung spurns call to leave the DP
 Gyeonggi Gov. Lee Jae-myung rejected mounting internal calls for him to leave the ruling Democratic Party (DP) on Monday.
 ¡°In life and in death, Gov. Lee will be a Democratic Party member,¡± said Gyeonggi Provincial Government Spokesman Kim Yong on a CBS morning radio program. ¡°There won¡¯t be a case where Gov. Lee quits the party or harms the Moon Jae-in administration.¡± 

 Despite resistance on Lee¡¯s part, voices within the party calling for his removal grow louder by the day as a series of scandals continued to tarnish the governor¡¯s image.

 Lee went through a 13-hour interrogation at the Suwon District Prosecutors¡¯ Office on Saturday over accusations that he forced his older brother into a mental hospital as the mayor of Seongnam, Gyeonggi. His wife, Kim Hye-kyung, has also been identified by police as the owner of a Twitter account used to spread false rumors about his former political rivals, including President Moon.
 
 The governor stoked controversy even further last Friday when he brought up allegations of nepotism in the hiring of the president¡¯s son, Moon Joon-yong, in a Facebook post. 

 ¡°Both myself and my wife, and a lawyer are certain Moon Joon-yong¡¯s hiring scandal is a false accusation,¡± the post read. The accusation that the president¡¯s son landed a full time job at a state-run institute in 2006 thanks to his father¡¯s influence was effectively dismissed in July last year as a political smear by the Ahn Cheol-soo campaign during last year¡¯s presidential election. While Lee¡¯s ostensible purpose in bringing up Moon¡¯s case on Facebook was to argue that his wife is also a victim of false charges, DP members loyal to the president accused the governor of grandstanding. 

 On JTBC¡¯s popular political TV show ¡°Battle of Tongues,¡± DP Rep. Rhee Cheol-hee, one of the show¡¯s two panel members, said Lee appeared to be exploiting a divide between pro-Moon and non-Moon factions within the party, a move he called ¡°very dangerous.¡± Rhee then said Gov. Lee should leave the DP on his own account. 

 Lee¡¯s spokesman said the governor received enormous backlash after putting up the post, and tried to step back from the controversy by saying the comment shouldn¡¯t be interpreted loosely. In midst of the gathering storm, party leaders are biding their time when it comes to the scandal-ridden governor. In a press conference last Friday, DP chairman Lee Hae-chan said ¡°it is not yet the time to make an official decision,¡± and that they would wait for the outcome of investigations by police and prosecutors as well as court rulings.

 It is unclear how long they will be able to afford to delay the decision given that the party and administration¡¯s approval ratings have been rapidly dropping in recent weeks. The president¡¯s support reached a record low of 52 percent this week, according to a CBS poll, and the ruling party¡¯s support fell to 39.2 percent.

 Pundits have suggested that Lee¡¯s attempts to open old wounds within the ruling party may be a last-ditch attempt to rally party members from outside the president¡¯s faction to his side as opinion leans toward his ouster.

 Pompeo stresses patience despite sputtering nuke talks 
 Washington is ¡°prepared to be patient¡± with North Korea, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Sunday, indicating U.S. flexibility despite Pyongyang stalling denuclearization negotiations.

 ¡°We¡¯ve known this was going to be a lengthy process,¡± Pompeo said in a radio interview with Kansas-based KFDI. He noted that U.S. President Donald Trump ¡°made the decision to have a summit¡± with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un on June 12 in Singapore. ¡°And I¡¯ve been tasked with negotiating its resolution. It will take time.¡±

 Pyongyang has been unresponsive to rescheduling high-level bilateral talks this week after a meeting slated for Nov. 8 between Pompeo and Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, was canceled at the last minute. The talks, expected to be rescheduled for Tuesday or Wednesday in New York, likely won¡¯t happen this month, as previously speculated.

 Pompeo added that Washington will exercise patience and make sure that the North doesn¡¯t conduct nuclear and missiles tests. All while, ¡°the economic sanctions which have caused North Korea to engage with us will remain in place,¡± countering Pyongyang¡¯s demands for sanctions relief. 

 In the interview, Pompeo downplayed North Korea¡¯s reports of testing a new tactical weapon earlier this month, and said the United States is ¡°pretty sure¡± what it is. 

 Pompeo also pointed out that ¡°there are lots of elements¡± to the promises made in the June 12 summit between Trump and Kim.

 ¡°One of them is the relationship between South Korea and North Korea,¡± said Pompeo. He added that a new working group between South Korea and the United States ¡°is designed to make sure that that effort, that effort to restore peace on the peninsula, moves in parallel with the denuclearization discussions.¡±

 Lee Do-hoon, South Korea¡¯s special representative for Korean Peninsula peace and security affairs, and Stephen Biegun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea, held their first working group meeting on North Korea¡¯s denuclearization in Washington last week. During the meeting, Washington backed Seoul¡¯s plan to conduct a joint survey for an inter-Korean railway project. At the same time, Washington has cautioned against progress in inter-Korean relations outpacing denuclearization negotiations. 

 On Monday, the South Korean Ministry of Unification said that the two Koreas are in discussions to launch joint inspections of cross-border railways this week after the project was exempted from UN Security Council sanctions on Saturday with a U.S. endorsement, another gesture indicating Washington¡¯s flexibility. 

 Some U.S. analysts point out that both Pyongyang and Washington seem to both be waiting things out at the moment as they try to negotiate a nuclear deal. 

 ¡°Right now, the United States is in patience mode,¡± Frank Jannuzi, president of the Mansfield Foundation, said on the Voice of America Saturday. 
 
 ¡°As long as the North is resisting the very concrete, serious steps, the United States is content to apply pressure and wait,¡± said Jannuzi. ¡°Maybe there is miscalculation going on, because the North Korean side also seems to be waiting.¡± 

 On the same program, David Maxwell, a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, encouraged North Korea to accept working-level talks with the United States. Maxwell said that Kim Jong-un may be ¡°worried¡± that professional negotiators ¡°may end up not giving North Korea a good deal,¡± which is why Kim insists on only holding talks with Trump or Pompeo. Biegun has yet to hold working-level talks with his North Korean counterpart, Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son-hui.

 However, Maxwell continued, ¡°I think also, [Kim Jong-un] might be surprised if he did come to the negotiating table and did allow working level talks to occur. He might see flexibility on the United States¡¯ part.¡± 

 While this will not likely be in the form of immediate sanctions relief, Washington could grant ¡°waivers for certain sanctions to help South Korea to engage economically in the North,¡± said Maxwell. 

 ¡°We know Kim Jong-un has said he wants to shift to economic development. I think everybody will support that as long as he demonstrates a sincere commitment to dismantling his nuclear program.¡± 

 Jannuzi likewise pointed out that ¡°the U.S. side is prepared in a limited way to look at the sanctions portfolio and, on an action-for-action basis, reward North Korea for concrete real steps toward denuclearization,¡± something which can be ironed out through working-level talks. 

 Harry J. Kazianis, director of Defense Studies at the Center for the National Interest think tank, wrote in an opinion piece for Washington-based political website The Hill on Sunday that next year could be the ¡°Year of Kim Jong-un.¡± If he ¡°holds off on testing any nuclear weapons or long-range missiles,¡± Kazianis wrote, ¡°North Korea could very well escape the diplomatic and economic vise - a.k.a. ¡®maximum pressure¡¯ - that the United States has tried to impose.¡± 

 Kazianis also argued that the United States ¡°can create a set of conditions that virtually guarantees peace on the Korean Peninsula,¡± namely by ¡°offering to end the [1950-53] Korean War, once and for all, in exchange for a dramatic gesture of denuclearization by the North.¡± 

 This comes as Kim Jong-un is expected to hold summits soon with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Chinese President Xi Jinping in Pyongyang, South Korean President Moon Jae-in in Seoul and later possibly Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, in addition to a potential second summit with U.S. President Trump.

 North harangues U.S. over human rights push
 North Korea tore into the United States on Monday for denouncing its human rights situation, accusing Washington of scheming to overthrow the Pyongyang regime after receiving concessions in ongoing North-U.S. denuclearization talks.

 The scathing comments, relayed in an editorial in the state-run newspaper Rodong Sinmun, came after North Korea snubbed a high-level meeting with the United States to discuss denuclearization and hammer out specifics for a possible second summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.

 A meeting scheduled for Nov. 8 in New York between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and North Korea¡¯s Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the ruling Workers¡¯ Party, was canceled just a day before when the North Koreans refused to show up.

 Some local experts believe the North could be trying to build its negotiation power as it prepares to resume talks with the United States or testing the waters for a post-denuclearization future. 

 In the Korean editorial, the North vented frustration about a recent report from the New York-based Human Rights Watch. After interviewing 50 North Korean defectors, the international nongovernmental organization accused North Korean officials of raping and harassing women with almost total impunity. 

 Pyongyang also condemned the UN Third Committee, which oversees humanitarian issues, for adopting a resolution earlier this month calling for accountability for human rights violations in North Korea. The resolution, drafted by the United States and Japan, is expected to pass the UN General Assembly next month for the 14th year in a row. 

 The Rodong Sinmun article accused the United States of directing a ¡°childish clown show¡± and said the Human Rights Watch report was ¡°fake¡± and based off of testimony from ¡°human scum¡± who were paid to tell lies. Washington¡¯s talk about North Korean human rights issues is absolutely ¡°baseless,¡± the North continued.

 ¡°The United States should be aware,¡± the regime warned. ¡°The political-military strategic dynamics between us and the United States has fundamentally changed.¡± 

 The United States should act with ¡°prudence¡± after realizing how North Korea¡¯s ¡°strategic position has changed,¡± the editorial went on, apparently referring to the North¡¯s possession of intercontinental ballistic missiles, which it claims can reach the U.S. mainland. 

 The reason why Washington has been ¡°hanging on to its clown show¡± for so long is because it wants to overthrow the North Korean government by justifying its pressure campaign and receiving concessions through North-U.S. dialogue, according to the article. ¡°The United States goes about saying that the nuclear issue is the stumbling block between North-U.S. relations, but even if that issue becomes resolved, the United States will keep raising the human rights issue and come forward with other new collateral conditions, forcing us to change our system according to their demands.¡±

 Korea, China get back to local cooperation
 Local governments in Korea and China are moving to step up their bilateral exchanges in wide-ranging areas, including tourism and the environment, after years of conflict over the deployment of a U.S. missile defense system in Korea.
 
 In addition to the Chinese government¡¯s moves to ease tensions over the U.S. terminal high altitude area defense system, the second conference of Korean and Chinese metropolitan mayors and provincial governors, set to open in Beijing on Tuesday, is expected to provide fresh momentum for more brisk bilateral cooperation, officials here said Monday.

 Mayors and governors of seven Korean local governments - Seoul, Daegu, Sejong, South Chungcheong, South Jeolla, North Gyeongsang and Jeju Island - departed for China early this week to attend the Beijing conference, which will also bring together heads of 12 Chinese provinces and metropolitan cities.

 The two countries held the first conference of provincial governors and mayors in Incheon in 2016 to help stimulate bilateral cooperation and exchanges.

 The municipalities of Seoul and Beijing held a joint forum on climate and environment cooperation in the Chinese capital on Monday and agreed to jointly study ways to reduce fine dust in the two cities.

Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, now on a four-day visit to China, is set to give a speech at Peking University Monday afternoon and preside over the provincial governors¡¯ conference on Tuesday. According to officials, this year¡¯s Beijing conference will focus on practical exchange and cooperation measures to improve air quality.

Jeju Gov. Woo Hee-ryong plans to introduce his Carbon Free Island 2030 project, which calls for securing all electric power from renewable energy and replacing all cars with electric vehicles by the target year to build an ¡°island of energy independence.¡± 

Korean provincial governors and mayors are also expected to use the Beijing conference as an opportunity to attract Chinese capital and tourists and sign a sisterhood agreement, the officials said. 

UN exempts railway project from sanctions 
On Saturday, the Blue House announced that an inter-Korean railway project surveying tracks running in North Korea received sanctions exemptions from the United Nations Security Council, a major breakthrough for a cross-border initiative that¡¯s been stalled for weeks.

The UN decision was made on Friday in New York.

Kim Eui-kyeom, spokesman for South Korea¡¯s presidential office, said in a statement that the green light from the UN was ¡°significant¡± and that the project received ¡°acknowledgement and support from the United States and the international society.¡± He continued that South-North cooperation will ¡°enter a new stage¡± as experts from both countries work together on a train for a long period, journeying through ¡°all sections of North Korean railways.¡±

In the Pyongyang Declaration signed on Sept. 19 during South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un¡¯s third summit, both countries agreed to hold a groundbreaking ceremony within the year to mark the start of a project connecting roads and railways between both countries. 

In a follow-up high-level meeting, the two Koreas agreed to hold a tape-cutting ceremony between late November and early December after wrapping up a joint survey of railways running along the west coast of North Korea, which was supposed to begin in late October.

But the west coast railway survey never began, as local officials said discussions with Washington about sanctions were under way. The Trump administration is refusing to lift any sanctions on the Kim Jong-un regime until the nation carries out fully verified denuclearization, known shortly as FFVD, and warned Seoul not to undermine that goal with inter-Korean cooperation.

It has been hard to know exactly which UN sanctions Seoul was trying to receive a waiver on. Blue House spokesman Kim did not elaborate on the subject in his Saturday statement, but local officials say Seoul asked the UN Security Council for permission to deliver fuel and other equipment to North Korea for the project. 

Unanimous approval from a UN North Korean sanctions committee composed of five permanent members and 10 non-permanent members on the UN Security Council was required for the sanctions waiver. 

An official from the South¡¯s Unification Ministry, which handles relations with North Korea, said on Sunday that Seoul expected the joint survey to begin this week. 

A Blue House official credited the UN sanctions waiver to a newly established working group set up by Seoul and Washington on Pyongyang¡¯s denuclearization, saying the top item in last week¡¯s working group meeting¡¯s agenda was the inter-Korean railway survey. ¡°Deep discussions¡± on the matter led the United States to finally give approval, the source said.

Seoul¡¯s emphasis on the role of the working group in getting the United States¡¯ final approval appears to be an effort to mollify Pyongyang, which berated the group earlier this month in its media. 

Uriminzokkiri, a North Korean propaganda website aimed at foreign readers, called Washington ¡°arrogant¡± for trying to sabotage efforts between both Koreas to achieve peace and prosperity, while calling Seoul ¡°disgraceful¡± for letting the United States interfere in South-North relations. 

A high-level diplomatic source in Washington with knowledge of North-U.S. dialogue told the JoongAng Ilbo that Pyongyang has yet to respond to calls from the White House to hold a high-level meeting around Tuesday and Wednesday. The source, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the White House will probably try to reschedule a meeting between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and North Korea¡¯s Kim Yong-chol after the G-20 Summit in Argentina on Dec. 1. 

Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, was originally planned to meet Pompeo in New York on Nov. 8, before the North canceled the meeting a day before it was to be held. 

U.S. Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley said the North apparently canceled ¡°because they weren¡¯t ready.¡± North Korean experts surmise that the regime could be mulling what next steps it could take for denuclearization. The United States has been demanding a complete inventory of its nuclear stockpile, something the North said it wasn¡¯t ready to submit. 

Gyeonggi¡¯s governor gets a 13-hour grilling  
Gyeonggi Gov. Lee Jae-myung denied all allegations against him during a 13-hour interrogation at the Suwon District Prosecutors¡¯ Office in Seongnam, Gyeonggi on Saturday, telling reporters as he left the building that he hoped prosecutors hadn¡¯t investigated him ¡°after setting down [their own] answers.¡±

The 53-year-old entered the building at 10 a.m. to answer questions on a slew of accusations that have been dogging him for months, including charges he forced his brother, who died last year, into a mental hospital after the sibling criticized him on the Internet when he was Seongnam mayor. 

Lee is also accused of spreading false information about a Seongnam development project when he was running for Gyeonggi governor last June to earn more votes. Prosecutors also believe that, during the campaign, he denied the fact that he had to pay a 1.5 million won ($1,300) fine in the past for impersonating a prosecutor.

On Saturday, prosecutors said they will decide whether to indict Lee on charges of violating domestic election laws and abusing his authority to force his brother into a mental institute after further review.

Lee told reporters camped outside the prosecutors¡¯ office on Saturday that he¡¯d focus on his work for his province. 

Lee¡¯s questioning came a week after Gyeonggi police announced they would formally recommend that prosecutors pursue a defamation case involving Lee¡¯s wife, Kim Hye-kyung. The case was sent to the same Suwon District Prosecutors¡¯ Office that grilled Lee over the weekend. Kim has been accused of using Twitter to denounce Lee¡¯s political rivals since 2013 by spreading false rumors. Among the targets were President Moon Jae-in, who faced off against Lee in the Democratic Party primaries for the May 2017 presidential election. 

Both Kim and Lee denied the allegation. Lee said Kim wasn¡¯t the owner of the Twitter account and criticized the police for waging an unfair investigation.

Lee, a former lawyer, tried to add a fresh twist to the scandal on Saturday when he wrote on Facebook before his questioning that in order to prove the Twitter posts contained false information, Moon¡¯s son will have to prove he got his job fairly. Several posts under the Twitter account had accused Moon¡¯s son of using links to his father to land a job. 

Documents show Carter¡¯s attempts at Korean talks 
The United States pushed for high-level talks with South and North Korea on reducing military tensions in the late 1970s amid a controversy over a troop pullout or reduction plan, declassified diplomatic documents showed on Sunday.

The rift between the presidents of the allies at that time - Park Chung-hee and Jimmy Carter - about the size of the U.S. Forces Korea (USFK) was highlighted in a transcript of their talks in Seoul on June 30, 1979.

¡°I can¡¯t promise that we will freeze forces levels,¡± Carter told Park, according to a White House document on their hourlong conversation.

Carter questioned South Korea¡¯s commitment to a hike in defense budgets to counter North Korea¡¯s rapid military buildup.

Park stressed that his military was making efforts to beef up combat power but needed more time.

Carter asked, ¡°My understanding is that you are particularly concerned about the presence of the Second (Infantry) Division and the Combined Forces Command. Do you also want the United States to maintain its protective nuclear umbrella as well?¡±

Park assented, and Carter asked again, ¡°If we decide to modify or reduce other force levels, you would like adequate notification and consultations?¡±

Again, Park assented.

In the summit, Carter confirmed South Korea¡¯s clear opposition to either the withdrawal of the USFK or a scale-down, with the North¡¯s military threats growing. The 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty.

Carter soon accelerated a drive for dialogue with North Korea on easing tensions.

He picked Jakarta as the venue for the planned trilateral meeting of senior officials.

It¡¯s ¡°particularly convenient to all three parties, since each has official representation in the capital which can serve to support delegations for tripartite talks,¡± according to another diplomatic cable.

The Indonesian government played the role of messenger between the United States and North Korea at that time.

Carter expressed his gratitude to Indonesian President Suharto for the Southeast Asian country¡¯s support in a personal letter.

¡°Your statesmanlike gesture has made it possible to begin a process which can only serve to reduce tensions in Asia and contribute to peace in the world,¡± Carter said in the 1979 document found and released by James F. Person, a U.S. scholar.

Person, a professor of Korean Studies at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, is leading a research project on U.S. diplomatic documents related to Korea.

A separate document suggested that Carter sought such a tripartite session from the early months of his tenure in 1977.

His National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski sent a note, dated Aug. 5, 1977, to Secretary of State Cyrus Vance, reading, ¡°The President has read your paper concerning possible trilateral discussions between North Korea, South Korea and the United States, and has indicated that you should proceed to implement the suggested steps.¡±

The United States also had a plan to invite China for a four-way ¡°political conference¡± either as a full-time member or observer. But the Carter government¡¯s efforts bore no fruit, apparently due to the North¡¯s tepid response. 

Pyongyang sends soprano to Jeju 
A North Korean soprano plans to visit the southern resort island of Jeju next month for a joint concert with a South Korean violinist as part of a project to promote reconciliation between the two sides, a source familiar with the matter said Sunday.

The North¡¯s singer, Kim Song-mi, agreed to hold the concert with South Korean violinist Won Hyung-joon, chief artistic director of Seoul-based Lindenbaum Music, at the Jeju Arts Center on Dec. 30, according to the source.

The agreement was reached in Beijing early this month between the Chosun Arts Exchange Association, a body under the North¡¯s culture ministry, and Lindenbaum Music, the source said on condition of anonymity.

The Seoul government is currently considering whether to approve Kim¡¯s visit, the source said.

The agreement also calls for the two sides to team up to form a South-North Korea youth orchestra and hold concerts in foreign countries, which the source said would be the first-ever global art tour by the two Koreas.

Along with the duo¡¯s performance, the two sides agreed to hold an art exhibition on the island for about a month from Dec. 30, the source said.

Won, 42, is known for his long-time commitment to improving inter-Korean relations through joint music performances, believing that such endeavors could help build mutual trust between the two countries, which have been hostile to each other for decades.

In 2015, he tried in vain to push for a joint concert with North Korean musicians in the Joint Security Area located between the two Koreas. The plan fell apart after the North¡¯s detonation of land mines at the border area that year, which maimed South Korean soldiers.

The Juilliard School graduate and violist launched the annual Lindenbaum Music Festival in 2009 aimed at promoting peace and harmony through music. The festival was held in the Demilitarized Zone that bisects the two Koreas in August last year.

Soprano Kim is said to represent the North¡¯s Chosun Arts Exchange Association in China. The 33-year-old soprano has issued a total of six solo albums since 2012.

The source said that the agreement with the North calls for taking musicians from the two Koreas to major cities across the world that could include Pyongyang and New York. 

North Korea is not eager to meet with U.S., say sources 
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has been pushing to hold high-level talks with Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, by this month, but there is a high likelihood that it won¡¯t happen this week, according to a diplomatic source. 

¡°North Korea is not likely to respond affirmatively to holding high-level talks by this weekend,¡± a high-level diplomatic source in Washington told the JoongAng Ilbo over phone on Saturday. ¡°Currently, there is a high likelihood that the meeting will be rescheduled for after the Group of 20 summit on Dec. 1 in Argentina.¡± 

North Korea has yet to give a response to Washington¡¯s proposal to hold the high-level talks on either Tuesday or Wednesday, and U.S. President Donald Trump is scheduled to take part in the G-20 leaders summit in Buenos Aires, which kicks off on Friday and will also be attended by South Korean President Moon Jae-in. 

High-level talks between Pompeo and Kim scheduled for Nov. 8 in New York were canceled at the last minute and postponed to a later date, reportedly on Pyongyang¡¯s request. 

But North Korea continuing to avoid the talks indicates that it may have some reason. 

A North Korea source said, ¡°Unlike when the Nov. 8 talks in New York were being scheduled, there doesn¡¯t appear to be any movement in North Korea¡¯s mission to the United Nations in New York or in Beijing, to indicate that North Korea doesn¡¯t plan on responding to the talks.¡±

A U.S. State Department official also said on Saturday that there aren¡¯t any plans to announce talks with the North at the moment. 

Last week, the United States granted a sanctions waiver for an inter-Korean joint survey to reconnect cross-border railways, which was backed by the United Nations Security Council Saturday. 

U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis said last Wednesday that the South Korea-U.S. Foal Eagle joint exercise scheduled for next week will be scaled down ¡°to keep it at a level that will not be harmful to diplomacy.¡± 

These can be considered Washington¡¯s confidence-building gestures to create an atmosphere to conduct talks with the North. 

With a second summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in the works for January, holding preparatory talks to fine-tune the exact date, location and agenda are still needed. 

Kim Jong-un was also supposed to make a return trip to Seoul by the end of the year as agreed upon during President Moon¡¯s visit to Pyongyang in September. However, North Korea¡¯s reluctance to hold high-level and working-level talks could indicate a complicated domestic political situation. 

¡°A return trip to Seoul and a second North-U.S. summit can be political pressure for the North, and at the same time, it may not have sufficient capability to prepare for them,¡± said another source familiar with North Korea affairs. ¡°Kim¡¯s plan initially was to hold the North-U.S. summit and then make a return trip to Seoul, but the jumbled order and the fact that there is not much to show is a big issue.¡±

In the inter-Korean Pyongyang Declaration of Sept. 19, Kim agreed to dismantle the Yongbyon nuclear complex if Washington takes corresponding measures, but neither side seems ready to take any action. 

The North Korea source said, ¡°North Korea is publically requesting sanctions relief, which Washington cannot agree to, instead of declarating an end to the [1950-53] Korean War which could be circumstantial evidence that there is great internal backlash over the dismantling of the Yongbyon nuclear complex.¡±

This comes as Yukiya Amano, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), warned on Thursday that the IAEA observed continued activities at the Yongbyon light water reactor consistent with the fabrication of reactor components and the possible transfer of these components into the reactor building.

Amano said that ¡°without access the agency cannot confirm the nature and purpose of these activities.¡±

Hotline may come out of Cold War 
Delegations from the two Koreas met in Kaesong on Friday to discuss the possibility of upgrading the inter-Korean hotline to fiber-optic cables, yanking it out of the copper wire Cold War era.

No specific agreement was announced, however.

¡°The South and the North met at the South-North Joint Liaison Office in Kaesong to discuss improving the communication lines for the hotline,¡± the South¡¯s Unification Ministry said in a statement. ¡°The two delegations decided to continue to cooperate on the matter on upgrading the line to fiber-optic cables. We will continue to work out the specifics.¡±

The idea of upgrading the hotline to fiber-optic cables was mentioned in an inter-Korean meeting in July. Copper-wire cables have a limited bandwidth compared to fiber-optic cables, meaning the speed of data transmission is slower.

The inter-Korean hotline was established in the border village of Panmunjom in September 1971. It was disconnected in February 2016 after the Park Geun-hye administration shut down the jointly-run Kaesong Industrial Complex following Pyongyang¡¯s fourth nuclear test the previous month and subsequent long-range rocket launch. 

The line was restored in January this year after the two Koreas agreed to cooperate over the North¡¯s participation in the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in February.

Upgrading to fiber-optic cables would require approval from the UN Security Council Sanctions Committee, specifically regarding the expected construction costs and the materials used.

A government insider told the JoongAng Ilbo that it was likely the two delegations did not reach an agreement on Friday because the South wants to abide by UN sanctions in carrying out inter-Korean projects, while the North wants to speed up the process.

¡°The UN Security Council Sanctions Committee approved the construction work of restoring the military hotline between the two Koreas in July,¡± said the government insider. 

¡°I think the construction work on upgrading the cable should also be able to gain the committee¡¯s approval. I know that the South Korean government will not step out of line of what the sanctions require in managing projects with the North.¡±

Korean is re-elected as head of UN marine body 
Lim Ki-tack, the re-elected Korean head of the International Maritime Organization (IMO), has said he will seek to complete the UN body¡¯s action plan on climate change during his tenure.

Lim made the remarks in an interview with Yonhap News Agency on Thursday shortly after earning his second term. At its 121st IMO Council, held in London, Lim received a unanimous vote from the 40 member states on its ruling council for his second term as secretary-general.

His current four-year term was slated to end in 2019. The 62-year-old will now be at the helm until 2023. Based in London, the IMO is a specialized UN agency in charge of the safety and security of shipping.

¡°My first goal is to finish the IMO¡¯s action plan on climate change amid the ongoing issue of automated vessels,¡± Lim said. ¡°Before leaving the IMO, I will craft a master plan for what role the IMO will play till 2050 in line with the UN¡¯s goal of sustainable growth.¡±

In April, the IMO came up with an initial strategy for reducing greenhouse gas emissions from ships, the most advanced version among all industries and has since been discussing its action plan.

Formerly the head of the Busan Port Authority, who oversees port facilities in South Korea¡¯s second-largest city, Lim also vowed to help developing countries adapt to new international maritime norms more easily.

¡°I will try to make an inclusive strategy and culture take root in the IMO, under which developing countries will go hand in hand with advanced nations to observe new international standards,¡± he said.

Lim has spent three decades working for various maritime organizations and served in multiple positions in and outside the IMO. He attributed his re-election to his consistent efforts to act as a bridge among IMO member nations.

Lim admitted that it is tough to find common ground among the UN body¡¯s 174 member nations when making decisions on crucial policy issues, as is often the case with any international organization.

¡°When a specific issue flares up, opinions among members are poles apart initially. But I have focused on coaxing them to the negotiating table to hammer out differences.¡±

He said a case in point is the issue of climate change.

¡°Policies on climate change have a tremendous impact on members since they may affect the design and operation of vessels. Interests of environment-oriented countries sharply collide with those of fossil fuel producers,¡± he said.

Touching on Korea¡¯s struggling shipbuilding and shipping industries, Lim stressed the need to cope with international changes proactively.

¡°Korean shipbuilders and shippers will be able to make another leap once they possess the capability to grasp international changes in advance and analyze them comprehensively,¡± he said.

The Korean shipbuilding sector has been hit hard by tumbling orders and increased costs, with the shipping industry also languishing amid the downturn in the global industry and other negative factors.

Former Supreme Court Justice Ko questioned 
Ko Young-han, a retired former Supreme Court justice, was questioned by the prosecution Friday as a key suspect over alleged abuse of power by previous top court leadership.

Ko arrived at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors¡¯ Office at about 9:10 a.m. The former head of the National Court Administration (NCA), the top court¡¯s governing body, is the third former NCA chief to undergo an interrogation over the widening probe.

¡°I am truly sorry for causing trouble to the public that cares about the judiciary,¡± he told reporters. ¡°I just hope that we regain public trust soon.¡±

Ko is accused of working at the behest of then-Supreme Court Chief Justice Yang Sung-tae to interfere in trials in order to lobby the presidential office of then-President Park Geun-hye for Yang¡¯s pet project. Ko served as the NCA chief from February 2016 to May 2017 and retired in August this year.

He is accused of covering up the wrongdoing of an appeals court judge in the southeastern city of Busan in 2016 after he found out that the judge, surnamed Moon, tried to leak information about the bribery trial of a businessman. Moon had apparently been receiving kickbacks from the businessman.

Prosecutors suspect that Ko used his influence to overlook Moon¡¯s wrongdoing because Moon had close ties with Hyun Ki-hwan, then the presidential secretary for political affairs.

Yang needed their connection to lobby the presidential office for Park¡¯s approval to set up a separate court of appeals, his long-envisioned goal, the prosecution has alleged.

Ko is also suspected of unfairly influencing a trial involving a progressive teachers¡¯ union with the intention of suppressing them, in line with the Park government¡¯s policy. 

Prosecutor questioned Cha Han-sung and Park Byong-dae, the other two ex-NCA chiefs, over the allegations and arrested former NCA deputy head Lim Jong-hun for being the key man who carried out Yang¡¯s schemes.

Moon will talk nukes during overseas jaunt 
South Korean President Moon Jae-in will pitch his views on North Korea¡¯s denuclearization to a host of world leaders after he leaves for an eight-day trip to the Czech Republic, Argentina and New Zealand next week.

Moon will depart on Nov. 27 and will first land in the Czech Republic and then head to Buenos Aires for the G-20 summit. At the G-20, Moon is expected to focus on the importance of carrying out North Korea¡¯s denuclearization in a peaceful manner. 

The North and the United States appear to be locked in a stalemate in their negotiations. 

Since top U.S. diplomat Mike Pompeo¡¯s scheduled meeting with his North Korean counterpart Kim Yong-chol in New York was abruptly canceled at the last minute, there has been no update on bilateral negotiations. 

Analysts are focusing on the words Moon will use as he calls for breakthrough in the stalled talks, especially during his expected meeting with U.S. President Trump, who will attend the G-20 summit.

In his last trip overseas this month, Moon subtly changed his language on North Korea. Instead of calling for possible sanctions relief once the North has reached the ¡°irreversible stage¡± of denuclearization, he focused on international cooperation to achieve the peaceful denuclearization of the North. 

Moon sidestepped talk of sanctions relief for the North, which was in stark contrast to what he said during his meeting with President Emmanuel Macron of France on Oct. 15 in Paris. During that meeting, Moon stressed that easing UN sanctions could facilitate the North¡¯s denuclearization process. 

Moon will arrive in the Czech Republic on Nov. 27 and leave the next day after meeting with Prime Minister Andrej Babis. In Buenos Aires, the second leg of the trip, Moon will have a summit with Argentine President Mauricio Macri, which will be the first South Korean-Argentine summit in 14 years. 

From Dec. 2 to 4, Moon will travel to New Zealand on a state visit to meet Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and Dame Patsy Reddy.

Moon¡¯s upcoming trip comes after the announcement that Seoul and Washington will scale back the annual Foal Eagle joint military drill next spring in consideration of ongoing diplomatic efforts with the North. 

This move could help move Pyongyang and Washington closer to the negotiation table on discussions for a second North-U.S. summit early next year. South Korea and the United States have suspended several major joint exercises this year following the June 12 North Korea-U.S. summit, including the Ulchi-Freedom Guardian drills, which would have happened in August.

Foal Eagle is being scaled back 
Seoul and Washington will scale back a major annual joint military drill next spring, the Foal Eagle exercise, said U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis Wednesday, a concession to ongoing denuclearization talks with North Korea. 

Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon in Washington, ¡°Foal Eagle is being reorganized a bit to keep it at a level that will not be harmful to diplomacy.¡± 

South Korea and the United States have suspended several major joint exercises this year following the June 12 North Korea-U.S. summit, including the Ulchi-Freedom Guardian drills, which would have happened in August. 

Vigilant Ace, a massive joint aerial exercise scheduled for December, was also suspended last month after a meeting between South Korean Defense Minister Jeong Kyeong-doo and Mattis. The United States and South Korea agreed to conduct a review by Nov. 15 and reach a decision on plans for large-scale military exercises next year by Dec. 1.

¡°We have taken a decision,¡± Mattis said Wednesday. ¡°We are not canceling exercises. We are realigning one exercise.¡± He did not elaborate further. 

The Pentagon chief¡¯s remarks come as North Korea and the United States are trying to reschedule high-level talks canceled abruptly earlier this month, which could pave the way for a potential second summit between the two countries¡¯ leaders. 

In a press conference following his June 12 summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Singapore, U.S. President Donald Trump pledged that he would end ¡°war games¡± in South Korea as long as progress was seen in denuclearization talks between Washington and Pyongyang. He specifically called the deployment of strategic bombers to Korea for such military exercises - often from a base in Guam - as ¡°provocative¡± and ¡°expensive.¡± 

Foal Eagle, field exercises involving ground, air, naval and special operations forces, is usually held every March or April during a similar period as the joint Key Resolve drills, which are computer-simulated war games.

The Foal Eagle and Key Resolve exercises were postponed by Seoul and Washington at the beginning of this year to reduce tensions with Pyongyang during the PyeongChang Winter Olympics and Paralympics hosted by South Korea in February and March. North Korea¡¯s participation in the Winter Games and refrainment from any nuclear and ballistic missile tests led to a period of detente on the Korean Peninsula with a series of inter-Korean summits and the first North-U.S. summit. 

Foal Eagle eventually took place in the beginning of April, involving some 11,500 U.S. troops and nearly 300,000 South Korean soldiers, but ran only four weeks, scaled down from eight weeks in 2017. Key Resolve was held for two weeks from April 23, a similar duration to last year when it ran from March 13 to 24.

There are around 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea.

The North sees the South-U.S. drills as a rehearsal for an invasion and they often lead to exacerbated tensions on the Korean Peninsula. 

Mattis implied that the drills, however, are not being canceled but scaled back in scope.

Washington will ¡°continue to look at multiple aspects of future exercises to include their size and scope,¡± said Lt. Col. Chris Logan, a Pentagon spokesman, in a statement. 

He added that Jeong and Mattis agreed last month that ¡°it was important for military activities, including exercises, to be conducted in a manner that complements diplomatic efforts to achieve North Korea¡¯s denuclearization while sustaining readiness of U.S. and [South Korean] military forces.¡±

The South Korean Ministry of National Defense didn¡¯t clarify the manner in which the Foal Eagle exercise will be scaled back, saying that a ¡°review¡± of the combined exercises continue to take place. 

¡°South Korea and U.S. defense authorities are closely consulting with each other on military efforts to back our two governments¡¯ diplomatic efforts toward North Korea¡¯s denuclearization,¡± said Choi Hyun-soo, a spokesperson for the Defense Ministry, in a press briefing in Seoul Thursday. 

¡°Taking into consideration security issues, South Korea and the United States are reviewing the holding of joint drills and exercises for next year, and Secretary Mattis¡¯s remarks are understood to be an extension of this.¡±

It is unclear if this includes a reduction or canceling of the deployment of U.S. strategic assets like its aircraft carriers and B-1 and B-52 bombers, which Pyongyang has been especially sensitive to. 

A reduction of the combined exercises with Seoul could be a gesture to induce Pyongyang toward denuclearization talks. But it could also be a double-edged sword. 

During his Senate hearing to be confirmed as commander of the U.S. Forces in Korea in September, Gen. Robert Abrams said that not conducting the Ulchi-Freedom Guardian exercise led to a ¡°slight degradation¡± in the ability ¡°to maintain continuity and to continue to practice our interoperability.¡± 

But Abrams also said that canceling the exercise was a ¡°prudent risk¡± in the effort to deal with North Korea. 

Nonetheless, South Korean defense officials have indicated that the military is always prepared for various scenarios on the holding of joint exercises, in coordination with the Pentagon. 

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo told the Kansas-based radio station KQAM Wednesday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un ¡°continues to make the commitment to allowing verification of the denuclearization of his country.¡±

He added, ¡°We, in turn, have continued to make the commitment that we will provide a better future for the people of North Korea¡± and that ¡°the world will join together and allow a brighter future for that country and its people.¡±

Pompeo said that ¡°there¡¯s no time frame¡± on the denuclearization negotiations, adding, ¡°We don¡¯t want to set a date certain.¡± 

White House officials have indicated that they would like to see North Korea denuclearize by the end of Trump¡¯s first term as president, which would be January 2021, but Pompeo¡¯s remarks suggest patience with Pyongyang. 

¡°There is an understanding about how it is we hope that we can proceed,¡± he said, ¡°but that framework is still being built out and discussions continue.¡±

Pompeo¡¯s remarks come a day after he said in a press conference that ¡°peace on the peninsula and the denuclearization of North Korea aren¡¯t lagging behind the increase in the amount of inter-relationship between the two Koreas.¡±

Moon¡¯s approval ratings hit a low of 52.5% 
President Moon Jae-in¡¯s approval rating dropped to 52.5 percent, the lowest level since taking power in May 2017, affected by a stagnating economy with no signs of an immediate rebound and stalled talks on North Korea¡¯s denuclearization. 

In a poll by Realmeter of 1,505 adults nationwide from Monday through Wednesday, Moon¡¯s popularity dropped 1.2 percent points to 52.5 percent in an eighth straight week of declines. The previous lowest point was 53.1 percent polled in the second week of September, right before his third summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Pyongyang. 

Approval hovering just above the 50 percent mark is a stark contrast to earlier this year when they surged to around 80 percent on hopes for a breakthrough with North Korea, which contributed to a sweeping victory in local elections in June. 

But a stalemate in North Korea-U.S. denuclearization talks and unfavorable economic figures, aggravated by high youth unemployment, led to Moon¡¯s low approvals. 

Over a period of two months, Moon saw his approvals drop 12.8 percentage points from 65.3 percent in the fourth week of September to this week¡¯s 52.5 percent. 

Asked about the poll results, Kim Eui-kyeom, spokesman for the Blue House, said he had ¡°no comment.¡± 

Adding to Moon¡¯s headache is an ongoing scandal ensnaring Gyeonggi Gov. Lee Jae-myung¡¯s wife, Kim Hye-kyung, who is suspected of defaming her husband¡¯s political rivals on Twitter. 

Police said Monday Lee¡¯s wife used her Twitter account to post hundreds of messages that violated Korean libel laws, a suspicion denied by the governor. 

¡°The decline appears to have been affected by an ongoing controversy over Kim, on top of worsening economic statistics and people¡¯s livelihood conditions, which have led swing supporters, those who are moderates and conservatives, to develop a sense of mistrust for the ruling Democratic Party and the liberal administration,¡± assessed the pollster. 

Particularly, the decline in Daegu and North Gyeongsang, a traditionally conservative base, was the sharpest. Moon¡¯s approvals dropped 11.7 percentage points in Daegu and North Gyeongsang to 29.1 percent over a period of one week. 

Approvals in Busan, Ulsan and South Gyeongsang declined 7.9 percent to 40 percent.

Such a big decline underscores the fact that Moon¡¯s popularity is vulnerable in the Gyeongsang regions, known as a stronghold for conservatives, and that his support could slip away fast if economic conditions fail to improve. 

Moon¡¯s approvals among center-to-right voters also declined 5.8 percentage points from 47.4 percent to 41.6 percent. 

But Moon¡¯s popularity in Jeolla rose, a testament to the region¡¯s loyalty to the liberals. In Gwangju and the two Jeolla Provinces, Moon¡¯s approval increased 2.8 percentage points to go from 72.1 percent a week earlier to 74.9 percent. 

The poll indicated that Moon was negatively affected by a nationwide general strike carried out by the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU) on Wednesday to protest labor policies of the administration, mobilizing nearly 160,000 union members. One major policy disagreement between the umbrella union group and the government is so-called flextime, which allows companies to vary maximum working hours depending on the work needed at a given time for six-month periods, rather than the current three months. For example, a company that makes air conditioner parts could increase its working hours to more than 52 hours a week during the high-demand summer season and then correspondingly decrease them during the winter season.

The latest poll showed that, despite the KCTU¡¯s strong objection to that policy, 50.4 percent of respondents supported the flexible working hours system while 30.9 percent opposed it. 

By age groups, Moon¡¯s approvals among people in their 30s showed the largest decline, 6.6 percentage points, from 63.5 percent to 56.9 percent. That group has been hit hardest by a stagnant economy that critics blame on a hike in the minimum wage by more than 16 percent to 7,530 won ($6.66) per hour at the start of this year. It was the steepest rise in nearly two decades. The minimum wage is set to grow 10.9 percent on year to 8,350 won at the start of next year.

Last month, the number of people in basic jobs, such as construction and delivery work, totaled 3.56 million, 93,000 fewer than in the same month a year ago, according to Statistics Korea - the biggest drop since the government began collecting data in its current form in 2013. 

The continuing decline in Moon¡¯s approval underscores the importance of the economy for the president when other external factors, namely inter-Korean relations and the North-U.S. talks, are on hold.

Moon talks unity at panel launch 
President Moon Jae-in said that Korea should be a country in which workers, their employers and the government all cooperate with one other in a ceremony at the Blue House on Thursday to launch a presidential advisory panel on labor issues.

Moon said it was his ¡°firm stance¡± that made the labor and management circles ¡°partners of government administration.¡± Moon added that he will make sure the newly-established Economic, Social and Labor Council (ESLC) prioritizes free communication between the workforce and businesses as it chooses its agenda items and hammers out decisions.

The government, Moon continued, will focus on narrowing the gap of opinions between the two sides as a ¡°fair mediator.¡±

Moon¡¯s remarks came before he attended the first meeting of the ESLC with the council¡¯s 17-member plenary committee, held later on Thursday at the Blue House. The ESLC will replace a tripartite commission of the labor, management and government. It adds onto its plenary committee representatives of youth, women, part-time workers, small-to-medium sized companies and small enterprises and market workers.

The launch of the advisory council had been delayed for weeks after the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU), one of the country¡¯s two largest labor unions, boycotted council activities. The ESLC plenary committee was supposed to launch with 18 members, but it went ahead with one member short due to the KCTU boycott. The council said it will continue internal discussions on the KCTU¡¯s participation.

In Thursday¡¯s first meeting, the ESLC agreed to form a sub-committee on the government¡¯s contentious flexible working hour policy and negotiate on it further with the National Assembly. 

The policy deepened the schism between the Moon administration and KCTU. The Blue House chief agreed with the floor leaders of five political parties earlier this month to give leeway to companies to increase or decrease their maximum working hours depending on the amount of work for up to six months.

The change is intended to add flexibility to the current system, which allows companies to adjust their maximum working hours for up to three months. The Blue House and Assembly leaders agreed to pass legislation on the change by the end of the year.

But the KCTU fumed at the decision, saying the change would harm working conditions.

Moon urged the KCTU to participate in the presidential labor council on Thursday, saying that it was important to search for a solution through dialogue. Without specifically pointing to the KCTU, Moon underscored the importance of dialogue, compromise and concessions, and denounced ¡°waging a fight to attain one¡¯s demand.¡±

Other subcommittees under the ESLC will discuss reform measures to the national pension system and the creation of new jobs in the finance sector. Separate subcommittees focusing on youth, women and part-time workers are planned for the future, the advisory group said.

Kim Jong-il¡¯s secretary is now in prison camp: Source 
Former North Korean leader Kim Jong-il¡¯s secretary Kim Ok, once rumored to be the late ruler¡¯s secret fourth wife, appears to have been sent to a prison camp, a local government official exclusively told the JoongAng Ilbo on Wednesday.

South Korean intelligence authorities concluded that Kim Ok was imprisoned after Kim Jong-il died in December 2011, according to the source, who requested anonymity. Kim Ok appears to have been sent to a prison camp for political criminals in 2014 for her links to Jang Song-thaek, the uncle of current North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. Jang was once considered the second most powerful man in the regime. 

Jang was executed on Dec. 12, 2013, nearly two years after Kim Jong-un took power following his father¡¯s death. At the time, Jang served as vice chairman of the Workers¡¯ Party¡¯s Central Military Commission and chief of the Central Administrative Department. He was apprehended in November 2013 along with his close aides, kicked out of the party and tried in a special military tribunal. He was found guilty of ¡°anti-party, counter-revolutionary factional acts in a bid to overthrow the leadership of the party and state and the socialist system,¡± in the words of North Korea¡¯s official media.

Kim Ok is still alive, the South Korean government official said. Her close family members were all imprisoned as well, according to the source, but it is not known whether they¡¯re still alive.

Kim Ok, who is 53, was seen shadowing Kim Jong-il inside and outside North Korea wherever he went. This caused local analysts to believe she was the late leader¡¯s fourth wife, though North Korean media identified her as his secretary. She was so close to Kim Jong-il that when he visited China in May 2011, she sat next to him in his private vehicle. 

Kim Ok¡¯s family was close to Jang¡¯s. Kim Ok¡¯s younger sister, Kim Ok-kyong, was the roommate of Jang¡¯s only daughter, Jang Kum-song, when the younger Jang was studying in France in the mid-2000s. After Jang was executed in December 2013, North Korean authorities tried to wipe out any trace of him, and Kim Ok¡¯s family was apparently targeted.

Another South Korean government official said Kim Ok and her family thrived until Kim Jong-il died, and that Jang had played a significant role in their ascent. This backfired in the Kim Jong-un era, when Jang was accused of plotting to overthrow the government. Kim Jong-un probably did not execute Kim Ok because she was close to his father and looked after him during his rule, according to Jung Chang-hyun, a North Korea expert who heads a modern history research institute.

Kim Ok¡¯s father, Kim Hyo, served as head of the Finance Accounting Department under the Workers¡¯ Party¡¯s Central Committee. Kim Ok¡¯s younger brother, Kim Kyun, was the first vice president of the prestigious Kim Il Sung University.

Gov¡¯t ups Korean rules for foreign students 
The Korea Immigration Service announced on Monday that it will toughen Korean proficiency requirements for international students coming to study the language. 

Colleges are opposed to the move as it could decrease the number of international students coming to study in Korea.

The Immigration Service, which is under the Justice Ministry, plans to implement the change to stabilize the number of language students illegally overstaying their visas in Korea. According to the Justice Ministry, the number of language students who came to Korea but overstayed their visas reached 11,177 as of September. This is a 169.3 percent increase in comparison to last year (6,601). 

This, however, is problematic for colleges. They benefit from lower Korean language proficiency requirements, which make it easier for them to attract international students. ¡°Just because an international student is not proficient in Korean does not automatically mean that that student is going to illegally overstay in Korea,¡± said an official from a private college in Seoul. ¡°The Justice Ministry is not trying to solve the problem, but is instead trying to decrease the number of international students coming to study.¡±

In response, the Justice Ministry may introduce additional measures to help alleviate the colleges¡¯ concerns. These include allowing international students with D-4 visas to take manufacturing jobs and issuing electronic visas. Originally, the D-4 visa only allowed foreign students to take part-time jobs permitted by the institution that they are enrolled in. Colleges have pointed out that greater opportunities for part-time employment could be problematic, as foreign students could be exposed to more opportunities to illegally overstay their visa by continuing to work.

¡°We understand the difficulties that universities might have in attracting international students,¡± said Cha Gyu-geun, the commissioner of the Korea Immigration Service, in Monday¡¯s press release. ¡°But we cannot ignore the increasing number of illegal foreign students and the side effects that come from this problem. This is why we will work with the Ministry of Education to come up with a reasonable plan [to solve this problem].¡± 

Korea shutting down ¡®comfort women¡¯ fund 
Seoul announced Wednesday it would shut down a Japanese-funded foundation meant to support women forced to work as sex slaves in Japan¡¯s military brothels during World War II, the latest step to effectively void a 2015 bilateral agreement that was supposed to solve the enduring comfort women issue.

South Korea¡¯s Ministry of Gender Equality and Family said in a press release that it would undergo legal procedures to scrap the Reconciliation and Healing Foundation, which was launched in July 2016 to manage a multimillion dollar fund from the Japanese government.

The fund was based on an agreement signed by both countries on Dec. 28, 2015, between Japan¡¯s current Shinzo Abe administration and South Korea¡¯s former right-leaning Park Geun-hye administration. Aimed at resolving the issue of Japan¡¯s recruitment of Korean sex slaves in the early 20th century, which has poisoned bilateral relations for decades, the deal included an apology from Tokyo and a 1 billion yen fund for the victims, which amounted to about $8.8 million at the time. Both countries said the agreement was ¡°final and irreversible.¡±

But some survivors, euphemistically called ¡°comfort women,¡± and local progressive civic groups supporting them immediately rejected the deal, saying Japan failed to take real responsibility for its actions and pay legal damages to the victims.

Korean President Moon Jae-in, a former human rights lawyer who entered the Blue House in May 2017 through a snap election after Park was impeached on a slew of corruption charges, criticized the comfort women deal on multiple occasions, drawing ire from Abe, who urged Moon to respect the mutual agreement.

Seoul stressed Wednesday that the foundation¡¯s dissolution did not mean it was walking away entirely from the 2015 comfort women deal. Apparently not to provoke Tokyo, the South Korean government announced its latest decision through a press release instead of having a high-level official speak in front of cameras. On why the foundation was being dissolved, the Gender Equality and Family Ministry only explained that local authorities took into consideration ¡°the current situation surrounding the foundation¡± as well as ¡°the results of reviews held thus far.¡±

Abe was quoted by Japanese media as warning that Seoul would be putting bilateral ties at risk. ¡°I would like to ask South Korea to behave in a responsible manner,¡± he said, according to Kyodo News. Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said Seoul¡¯s announcement was ¡°problematic¡± for the 2015 comfort women deal and ¡°totally unacceptable.¡±

South Korean Ambassador to Japan Lee Su-hoon was summoned by Japan¡¯s Vice Foreign Minister Takeo Akiba to the Foreign Ministry in Tokyo in protest. 

Kim Bok-dong, a former comfort woman, welcomed Seoul¡¯s decision but said it was ¡°regretful¡± it took so long and urged the Japanese government to apologize and provide legal reparations. 

The Reconciliation and Healing Foundation was supposed to offer 100 million won ($88,480) to every surviving victim and 20 million won to the victims¡¯ families in case they died. Tens of thousands of Korean women were believed to have worked as sex slaves during Japanese colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula from 1910 to 1945, but only 239 South Koreans have come forward since the 1990s to tell local authorities of their dark past, and only 27 are alive today.

Among 46 survivors who were alive when the 2015 deal was struck, 37 received support from the foundation, and so did some families of victims who died. 

Of the $8.8 million Tokyo paid to the foundation, around $5.1 million is left today, but the Moon government reimbursed the foundation for previous payments this year, partially through a $9.1 million fund that has been set aside for comfort women victims. 

The Gender Equality and Family Ministry said it won¡¯t return the cash to Tokyo but come up with a ¡°reasonable way to dispose it¡± after discussions with victims and local civic groups. Seoul¡¯s Foreign Ministry will separately take ¡°diplomatic measures¡± with the Japanese government, the Gender Ministry said. 

South Korea¡¯s move to scrap the foundation is expected to drive another wedge in bilateral ties with Tokyo, only three weeks after the country¡¯s Supreme Court ordered a Japanese steel company to pay compensation to four Koreans forced into labor during Japan¡¯s colonial rule. Tokyo immediately rejected that ruling.

U.S. backs joint Korean railway survey: Envoy 
South Korea¡¯s nuclear envoy said that the United States showed ¡°strong support¡± for an inter-Korean railway survey after meeting with his American counterpart in Washington on Tuesday.
This appears to be a green light from the Donald Trump White House to go ahead with a major cross-border project that¡¯s been delayed for weeks.

But U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo didn¡¯t mention support for South-North cooperation at a press briefing on the same day in Washington. 

Pompeo said instead that the United States doesn¡¯t want North Korean denuclearization to lag behind the improvement of ties between the two Koreas.

Lee Do-hoon, South Korea¡¯s special representative for Korean Peninsula peace and security affairs, made the remarks after meeting with Stephen Biegun, U.S. special representative for North Korea, in the first Seoul-Washington working group meeting on North Korea¡¯s denuclearization.

A high-level official at Seoul¡¯s Foreign Ministry said the railway survey was discussed in the meeting between Lee and Biegun and that ¡°progress¡± was made. The official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said only ¡°technical details¡± still need to be discussed between the two countries and that the issues wouldn¡¯t ¡°harm the essence¡± of the inter-Korean railway survey, indicating that the United States gave its approval to the railroad project. 

In the Pyongyang Declaration, signed on Sept. 19 during South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un¡¯s third summit, both sides agreed to hold a groundbreaking ceremony within this year to mark the start of an initiative connecting roads and railways between both countries. 

In a follow-up high-level meeting, both Koreas agreed to hold the ceremony between late November and early December after wrapping up a joint survey of railways running along the west coast of North Korea, which was supposed to begin in late October. 

But the west coast railway survey has yet to begin, as local officials said sanctions discussions with Washington were still under way. 

If South Korea were to provide cash-strapped North Korea with vehicles, machinery and other equipment for track and road connection, it would violate UN Security Council Resolution 2397, which prohibits the export of industrial equipment to the North. Those sanctions, passed unanimously on Dec. 22 last year, came after the North tested an intercontinental ballistic missile on Nov. 29 of that year, which it claimed was capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. 

The Trump administration has also stressed that it wouldn¡¯t reward the Kim Jong-un regime with sanctions relief until the North carried out final, fully verified denuclearization (FFVD). 

The high-level official at Seoul¡¯s Foreign Ministry said it isn¡¯t easy to carry out South-North cooperation under international sanctions, and added that progress in negotiations between the United States and North Korea would ¡°naturally solve a lot of problems.¡±

Pyongyang and Washington have yet to agree on a date and location for a high-level meeting to discuss denuclearization and a possible second summit between Kim and Trump after the one scheduled for Nov. 8 was abruptly canceled just a day before. U.S. Ambassador to the UN Nikki Halely said it was the North who canceled it, apparently ¡°because they weren¡¯t ready.¡±

In Tuesday¡¯s press briefing at the State Department, Pompeo said the United States made it clear to the South that ¡°we do want to make sure that peace on the peninsula and the denuclearization of North Korea aren¡¯t lagging behind the increase in the amount of inter-relationship between the two Koreas.¡±

KCTU goes on strike over gov¡¯t labor policies 
The Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU) went on a one-day nationwide strike on Wednesday to protest the labor policy initiatives pushed by the Moon Jae-in administration, mobilizing nearly 160,000 union members in 16 regions of the country.

The strike came as tensions had been brewing between labor unions and the Moon government in recent months. This came as a surprise, given that President Moon ran his campaign promising labor-friendly policies.

The KCTU, one of the country¡¯s two major umbrella labor unions, is known for aggressive street rallies that have led to confrontations with the police in the past.

When Moon was elected in May last year, the KCTU released a statement welcoming his election that said the ¡°social meaning of Moon¡¯s election is profound.¡± The union expressed hope for a meeting with him ¡°to make a country where labor rights are respected.¡± 

The general strike caused assembly lines for Hyundai Motor, General Motors Korea and Kia Motors Group across the country to come to a halt for at least four hours on Wednesday, disrupting production.

The KCTU¡¯s Wednesday strike was its first all-out strike since November 2016, when it mobilized its members to demand that Park Geun-hye, who was president at the time, step down amidst corruption and abuse of power allegations. Park was eventually removed from office in March last year. 

The KCTU said it decided to go on strike after seeing momentum for labor rights reform dwindle under the Moon government. The union sees this as a betrayal of its initial high hopes that the Moon government would move fast to improve working conditions and transition all irregular workers in the public sector to a permanent position.

The KCTU expressed particularly deep disappointment on two issues. The government has backtracked on its initial campaign promise to increase the minimum hourly wage to 10,000 won ($8.85) by 2020. It also recently announced that it will push to allow companies to increase or decrease their workers¡¯ maximum working hours depending on the amount of work needed at a given time for six-month periods, rather than the current three months. 

For example, a company that makes air conditioner parts could increase its working hours to more than 52 hours a week during the high-demand summer season and then correspondingly decrease them during the winter season.

¡°We decided to go on a strike because we could not just stand idly by and watch the Moon Jae-in government backpedal on labor reforms and renege on campaign promises for labor rights,¡± said the KCTU in a statement released on Tuesday. 

Another labor policy initiative pushed by the liberal government that has drawn fierce backlash from the leftist labor union involves a joint manufacturing venture planned by Hyundai Motor and the Gwangju Metropolitan Government.

Under the proposed agreement, the city of Gwangju will build a car assembly line in the city by 2020 at the earliest. Hyundai Motor plans to invest 50 billion won in the 700-billion-won project. Hyundai will invest in the city-owned plant under the condition that it will pay Gwangju assembly workers around half of what it pays other Hyundai assembly workers. Once the factory is operational, it is expected to employ around 10,000 workers and create 100,000 more jobs indirectly.

The Federation of Korean Trade Unions, the more moderate of the two major umbrella labor unions, supports the plan. The KCTU, however, has criticized it, saying that it will eventually worsen conditions for other workers. This has further strained relations with the Moon government, which is trying to help Hyundai and Gwangju cut a deal. 

The KCTU¡¯s growing dissatisfaction with the government has raised questions for both the Blue House and the ruling Democratic Party over their relationship with the labor union, which is opposed to virtually every government labor policy initiative aimed at helping businesses.

The dilemma is especially acute for the ruling DP, whose floor leader, Hong Young-pyo, is a former KCTU member and labor activist. 

¡°I regret that the KCTU chose to go on a strike instead of resolving labor policy disputes through dialogue. I wish that the [KCTU] can ponder over whether its strike can contribute to solving the many issues facing the country,¡± said Hong. ¡°I expect a change of attitude by the KCTU, as it is an important member of our economy.¡± 

Moon talks up inclusive growth at meeting 
President Moon Jae-in urged the government to make additional efforts to produce inclusive growth on Wednesday, calling it a challenge that the entire world is facing. 

Moon¡¯s call came in a special meeting with the heads of various presidential commissions and advisory committees, including the Presidential Commission on Policy Planning.

¡°Up until now, each commission helped draw a big map of national policy goals. What the government has to do now is to build an inclusive nation under the map where we will all be well-off,¡± the president told the meeting at the Blue House. 

Ensuring or enabling inclusive growth is one of the key economic policy objectives of the Moon administration.

The country increased its minimum wage by more than 16 percent to 7,530 won ($6.70) per hour at the start of this year, which is in line with its goal. It was the steepest rise in nearly two decades.

The minimum wage is set to grow 10.9 percent on-year to 8,350 won per hour at the start of next year.

¡°What I wish to especially point out is the fact that inclusive growth, sustainable development and people-oriented growth that we are currently striving for are not special values that only the Moon Jae-in government in the Republic of Korea is pushing for. They are issues and challenges common to the international community and all nations in the world,¡± he said according to the Blue House pool reports. 

The president insisted that the country¡¯s success in enabling inclusive growth may set a new example for the entire globe.

¡°I ask you to carry on with your discussions while keeping in mind that what we are doing is not an attempt to seek a special way to develop that¡¯s far different from what all the others are considering, but one that the entire world is considering,¡± Moon said. ¡°Also, I ask you to keep in mind that should we succeed, it may become a new example, a model that can be presented before the entire globe.¡±

Parties reach deal to end boycott 
With only 10 days left to review next year¡¯s budget plan, rival parties finally reached a compromise on Wednesday to resolve political gridlock in the National Assembly.

The floor leaders of the five major parties agreed to launch a parliamentary probe into a hiring scandal at a public subway operator in return for resuming regular discussions over a mountain of tasks on the legislature¡¯s agenda. These include the government¡¯s budget proposal for next year and confirmation hearings for new cabinet appointees. 

The compromise, presided over by National Assembly Speaker Moon Hee-sang, comes after three weeks of partisan wrangling and multiple discussions that ended with lawmakers on both sides fuming. 

The conservative opposition - the main opposition Liberty Korea Party and minor Bareunmirae Party - had been boycotting regular proceedings in the legislature since the beginning of this month to protest President Moon Jae-in¡¯s appointment of his environment minister without parliamentary approval. 

They refused to lift the boycott unless the ruling party accepts a probe into Seoul Metro, a public company under the Seoul Metropolitan Government that is accused of unfairly providing jobs to the family members of current employees.

Pressed by the other four opposition parties and frustrated by the delays, the ruling Democratic Party finally conceded to the investigation, which it had argued was premature. It agreed to launch the probe sometime next month, after the end of the regular plenary session in mid-December. In exchange, the conservative opposition parties withdrew their demand that the president sack Cho Kuk, the senior presidential secretary for civil affairs, for failing to properly vet the environment minister.

The agreement will also allow the National Assembly to begin reviews of key proposals on its agenda, such as bills outlining reforms to privately owned preschools and the formation of a regular consultative body to smooth discussions between parties and the government. Both of these issues, as well as a bill strengthening punishment for drunk drivers, will be reviewed within the regular plenary session this month. More importantly, the government¡¯s 470.5 trillion won ($417.7 billion) budget proposal can be reviewed before the legal deadline for the budget bill expires on Dec. 2.

Seoul shutting down 'comfort women' fund 
Seoul announced Wednesday it would shut down a Japanese-funded foundation meant to support women forced to work as sex slaves in Japan¡¯s military brothels during World War II, the latest step to effectively void a 2015 bilateral agreement that was supposed to solve the enduring comfort women issue.

South Korea¡¯s Ministry of Gender Equality and Family said in a press release that it would undergo legal procedures to scrap the Reconciliation and Healing Foundation, which was launched in July 2016 to manage a multimillion dollar fund from the Japanese government.

The fund was based on an agreement signed by both countries on Dec. 28, 2015, between Japan¡¯s current Shinzo Abe administration and South Korea¡¯s former right-leaning Park Geun-hye administration. Aimed at resolving the issue of Japan¡¯s recruitment of Korean sex slaves in the early 20th century, which has poisoned bilateral relations for decades, the deal included an apology from Tokyo and a 1 billion yen fund for the victims, which amounted to about $8.8 million at the time. Both countries said the agreement was ¡°final and irreversible,¡± and Seoul promised not to criticize Tokyo over the issue again.

But some survivors, euphemistically called ¡°comfort women,¡± and local progressive civic groups supporting them immediately rejected the deal, saying Japan failed to take real responsibility for its actions and pay legal damages to the victims.

Korean President Moon Jae-in, a former human rights lawyer who entered the Blue House in May 2017 through a snap election after Park was impeached on a slew of corruption charges, criticized the comfort women deal on multiple occasions, drawing ire from Abe, who urged Moon to respect the mutual agreement.

Seoul stressed Wednesday that the foundation¡¯s dissolution did not mean it was walking away entirely from the 2015 comfort women deal. Apparently not to provoke Tokyo, the South Korean government announced its latest decision through a press release instead of having a high-level official speak in front of cameras. On why the foundation was being dissolved, the Gender Equality and Family Ministry only explained that local authorities took into consideration ¡°the current situation surrounding the foundation¡± as well as ¡°the results of reviews held thus far.¡±

Abe was quoted by Japanese media as warning that Seoul would be putting bilateral ties at risk. ¡°I would like to ask South Korea to behave in a responsible manner,¡± he said, according to Kyodo News. Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said Seoul¡¯s announcement was ¡°problematic¡± for the 2015 comfort women deal and ¡°totally unacceptable.¡±

South Korean Ambassador to Japan Lee Su-hoon was summoned by Japan¡¯s Vice Foreign Minister Takeo Akiba to the Foreign Ministry in Tokyo in protest. 

Kim Bok-dong, a former comfort woman, welcomed Seoul¡¯s decision but said it was ¡°regretful¡± it took so long and urged the Japanese government to apologize and provide legal reparations. 
The Reconciliation and Healing Foundation was supposed to offer 100 million won ($88,480) to every surviving victim and 20 million won to the victims¡¯ families in case they died. Tens of thousands of Korean women were believed to have worked as sex slaves during Japanese colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula from 1910 to 1945, but only 239 South Koreans have come forward since the 1990s to tell local authorities of their dark past, and only 27 are alive today.

Among 46 survivors who were alive when the 2015 deal was struck, 37 received support from the foundation, and so did some families of victims who died. Of the $8.8 million Tokyo paid to the foundation, around $5.1 million is left today, but the Moon government reimbursed the foundation for previous payments this year, partially through a $9.1 million fund that has been set aside for comfort women victims. 

The Gender Equality and Family Ministry said it won¡¯t return the cash to Tokyo but come up with a ¡°reasonable way to dispose it¡± after discussions with victims and local civic groups. Seoul¡¯s Foreign Ministry will separately take ¡°diplomatic measures¡± with the Japanese government, the Gender Ministry said. 

South Korea¡¯s move to scrap the foundation is expected to drive another wedge in bilateral ties with Tokyo, only three weeks after the country¡¯s Supreme Court ordered a Japanese steel company to pay compensation to four Koreans forced into labor during Japan¡¯s colonial rule. Tokyo immediately rejected that ruling.

U.S. wants ¡®evidence¡¯ of North¡¯s sincerity 
A South Korean government official said Tuesday that U.S. government officials recently called for ¡°evidence that North Korea will denuclearize,¡± even as Pyongyang and Washington are trying to reschedule a high-level meeting in New York initially set for Nov. 8. 

Meanwhile, North Korea has stepped up efforts to attract foreign investment - despite sanctions that forbid them - promising investors special perks and incentives to prevent any inconvenience. 

The Seoul official said that so-called Track 1.5 strategic talks involving South Korean and U.S. government officials and civilian experts were held last week in the United States. 

¡°A U.S. official expressed skepticism about North-U.S. negotiations [on denuclearization] during these talks,¡± said the Seoul official, who received a report on the meeting. This official said that initially, Stephen Biegun, the U.S. State Department¡¯s special representative for North Korea, was set to attend the meeting ¡°but he could not because of his busy schedule and another U.S. official attended instead.¡±

The official continued, ¡°As South Korea explained North Korea¡¯s position, the United States showed its position that what it wants to see is not explanations or analysis but evidence.¡± 

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has already committed to complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, and Washington already knows what has been discussed in inter-Korean talks. So what Washington seems to want now is Pyongyang¡¯s action toward denuclearization. 

A South Korean official who took part in the Track 1.5 talks said that details of what was discussed could not be revealed because it was a closed-door meeting.

But the official added, ¡°It is true that a U.S. official revealed a strong opposition in response to the South Korean delegation¡¯s explanation that corresponding measures are needed from the United States, resulting in a moment of frostiness.¡±

Last week, South Korean Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon met with Frank Jannuzi, president of the Washington-based Mansfield Foundation, and Joseph Yun, the former U.S. special representative for North Korea, also emphasizing the need for corresponding measures from the United States during the North Korea denuclearization process. 

Such corresponding measures, rather than the lifting of sanctions, could be a declaration to end the 1950-53 Korean War, or North Korea-U.S. cultural or civilian exchanges. 

¡°There is division within the U.S. government in regard to President Donald Trump,¡± a former South Korean government official said. ¡°In order for progress in negotiations with the North, there is a need for the United States to coordinate its position with South Korea and create a consensus domestically.¡± This former official added, ¡°North Korea will be aware that the U.S. working level officials also hold a negative stance toward the North. That is why North Korea wants direct talks with President Trump or U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.¡± 

North Korea, in turn, has been pushing for sanctions relief from the international community and has stepped up its appeals for foreign investment. 

A group of nearly 100 South Korean businesspeople living overseas led by Kim Deok-ryong, head of the World Federation of Korean Association of Commerce, made a four-day trip to Pyongyang starting last Wednesday. 

The group met with North Korean officials related to the economy including Ri Ryong-nam, the vice premier for economic affairs who oversees investments. 

Kim, also the executive vice chairman of the National Unification Advisory Council, told the JoongAng Ilbo Tuesday, ¡°North Korea explained its general economic policy and has expectations to attract foreign investment.¡±

Kim added that the North ¡°explained about some 20 special economic zones and that its plans to focus on manufacturing and the tourism industry¡± and ¡°requested active investment when the conditions are right.¡± 

It further conveyed that ¡°companies or businessmen that invest in the North will be granted incentives,¡± and that investors doing business in North Korea will be provided perks ¡°to avoid any inconveniences.¡± 

Barbed-wire fences along 284 km to be torn down 
South Korea¡¯s military will scrap 284 kilometers (176.5 miles) worth of barbed-wire fences by 2021, opening up nearly 68 percent of the country¡¯s military installations along shorelines and riverbanks to local communities. 

The Ministry of National Defense and the Anti-Corruption & Civil Rights Commission announced the plan Tuesday in a press release, saying they co-authored a report describing the measures and submitted it to the cabinet.

Some 352.2 billion won ($312.5 million) will be earmarked for the project, the ministry said.

Of the 284 kilometers of barbed wire being pulled down, 114.62 kilometers have already been removed or are in the process of being removed.

The combined length of barbed-wire fencing along South Korean shorelines and riverbanks is 413.3 kilometers, and only 129.3 kilometers will be left once the work is completed, the ministry explained.

Nearly half of the areas in which barbed-wire fencing will be removed will be outfitted with other security equipment, such as CCTV, underwater surveillance and thermal imaging cameras. 

Members of the general public are expected to gain greater access to beaches and ports that used to be off-limits, including a 4.55-kilometer stretch of Chunjang Beach in Seocheon County, South Chungcheong; a 1.87-kilometer stretch of Mallipo Beach in Anmyeon Island, South Chungcheong; 3.44 kilometers from Incheon¡¯s Manseok Wharf to the entrance of Nam Port; 1.57 kilometers from Daejin Port in Goseong County, Gangwon to Hwajinpo Beach; and 7.1 kilometers from Jukbyeon, Yeongdeok County, North Gyeongsang, to Bongsan-ri. 

The Defense Ministry said it will also tear down 8,299 military establishments on 1.2 million square meters (297 acres) of land by the same 2021 deadline, saying the places were deemed too old or unsafe for use.

Among those buildings are 483 guard posts along shorelines and riverbanks, which a Defense Ministry official said Tuesday the Joint Chiefs of Staff have already approved for demolition. 

By the end of this year, the Defense Ministry will determine the amount of privately owned land the military has been using without authorization, and either purchase it or reimburse owners in some other way.

On another front, the Defense Ministry said the North blew up 10 guard posts in the demilitarized zone Tuesday in the latest follow-up to an inter-Korean military pact signed on Sept. 19 during the third summit between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. 

The North was said to have notified the South of its demolition plan on Sunday and carried out the work at 3 p.m. Tuesday. Ten guard posts were blown up in four minutes, the ministry said. 

This came five days after the South Korean military partially tore down a guard post in Cheorwon County, Gangwon, last Thursday using explosive material. 

South Korean military officials said they were in the process of demolishing 10 guard posts by the end of this month, as agreed to by both Koreas in the military agreement. 

The two countries agreed to ¡°mutually verify¡± their demolitions next month.

South-U.S. working group meets 
South Korea and the United States will launch a working group on coordinating North Korea¡¯s denuclearization on Tuesday in Washington.

Lee Do-hoon, South Korea¡¯s special representative for Korean Peninsula peace and security affairs, held talks with Stephen Biegun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea, on Monday. The two negotiators agreed to hold the first meeting of the working group the following day, announced Seoul¡¯s Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 

¡°The South Korea-U.S. working group is being launched with the objective of our two countries holding regular consultations on our shared interests, including denuclearization, inter-Korean cooperation and sanctions implementation,¡± said Noh Kyu-duk, the Foreign Ministry¡¯s spokesperson, in a press briefing on Tuesday in Seoul. ¡°Through the successful holding of its first meeting, we believe we will continue to maintain close cooperation and coordination, as we have so far, on issues related to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.¡±

The U.S. State Department said through a statement on Monday that Lee and Biegun will meet Tuesday ¡°to further strengthen our close coordination on efforts to achieve our shared goal of final, fully verified denuclearization.¡±

It added that they were expected to ¡°discuss ongoing diplomatic efforts, the sustained implementation of UN sanctions, and inter-Korean cooperation.¡± 

The South¡¯s team, headed by Lee, will be composed of officials from the Foreign Ministry, Unification Ministry and the Blue House National Security Office. The U.S. team, headed by Biegun, was expected to include State Department, Treasury Department and White House National Security Council officials. 

The consultative group is expected to play an important role in making sure that Seoul and Washington are on the same page as inter-Korean projects advance alongside the continued enforcement of sanctions on the North. 

Seoul and Washington announced the working group last month. Lee kicked off a three-day trip to the United States on Monday and told reporters in Washington, ¡°I think we will be discussing everything that needs Korea-U.S. coordination or consultation,¡± adding that the consultations will be ¡°two-way.¡±

Discussions could include the issue of inter-Korean projects. Seoul has been aiming to hold a groundbreaking ceremony for a plan to connect and modernize the cross-border railways and roads as early as late November.

Seoul is still seeking a sanctions exemption from Washington for the launch of the inter-Korean railways and roads project. Lee said that the United States ¡°needed time for internal review¡± before granting the exemption and that he hopes Washington ¡°already had ample time for such review,¡± indicating optimism about Washington¡¯s response. 

¡°Our government maintains the fundamental position that inter-Korean cooperation will happen within the framework of North Korea sanctions,¡± said a senior Foreign Affairs official on Tuesday. ¡°The joint inspection on railways and related projects are something that our special representative [Lee] will be closely cooperating on with the U.S. side through the working group.¡± 

Washington has been adamant that it will not ease its pressure campaign on the North for the time being. On Monday, the U.S. Treasury Department sanctioned a Russian-born South African national for helping North Korea evade sanctions to acquire oil a day before the working group¡¯s launch.

The Treasury¡¯s Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctioned Vladlen Amtchentsev for posing a secondary risk by acting on behalf of Velmur Management, a blacklisted company accused of purchasing oil and gas for North Korea.

Moon, Trump might meet at G-20 summit in Argentina 
President Moon Jae-in will attend the G-20 Summit in Buenos Aires next week, and a bilateral meeting on its sidelines with U.S. President Donald Trump is also in the works.

Blue House spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom said during a media briefing that the South Korean government was discussing a Moon-Trump summit with Washington, but that they have yet to conclude whether both leaders will actually meet. If they do, it will be their sixth summit.

In light of the fact that Washington and Pyongyang are discussing a second summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un next January, Kim Eui-kyeom said the Blue House expected Moon to convey the South Korean government¡¯s stance on the North Korean nuclear issue if he meets Trump.

Before traveling to Argentina, Moon will touch down in the Czech Republic next Tuesday, where he will stay until Wednesday to meet with Prime Minister Andrej Babis and South Koreans living there. Moon will then fly to Buenos Aires on Nov. 29 to attend the G-20 Summit, meet with various world leaders on the sidelines of the summit and talk with South Koreans living in the South American country until Dec. 1. During his trip to Argentina, the Blue House spokesperson said that Moon was scheduled to hold a summit with Argentine President Mauricio Macri, which would be the first South Korean-Argentine summit in 14 years. From Dec. 2 to 4, Moon will travel to New Zealand on a state visit to meet Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and Dame Patsy Reddy.

Blue House officials hope that a summit between Moon and Trump will breathe fresh air into stalled denuclearization talks between Washington and Pyongyang and hopefully add momentum to discussions between Pyongyang and Seoul on North Korean leader Kim Jong-un¡¯s visit to Seoul this year. In the Pyongyang Declaration, signed by Kim and Moon on Sept. 19 during their third summit, Kim agreed to visit Seoul ¡°at an early date¡± at the invitation of Moon. The Blue House chief later explained to reporters that the words meant ¡°by the end of this year,¡± unless ¡°special circumstances¡± pop up.

But Pyongyang has yet to contact Seoul to discuss Kim¡¯s visit, a Blue House official said on Tuesday on the condition of anonymity. Another Blue House official said that the South Korean government was preparing for Kim¡¯s visit to Seoul based on Moon¡¯s agreement with him last September, but that some local officials said his visit would hinge on progress made in U.S.-North negotiations.

A source with knowledge of the discussions between the United States and North Korea exclusively told the JoongAng Ilbo on Sunday that Washington has suggested to Pyongyang that they hold high-level negotiations in New York sometime between late November and early December. A high-level meeting scheduled on Nov. 8 was abruptly canceled just a day before. 

North¡¯s new toy is likely short-range missile 
South Korea¡¯s military believes that the ¡°newly developed ultramodern tactical weapon¡± North Korea said it successfully tested last week is a new type of short-range missile, a local government source exclusively told the JoongAng Ilbo on Monday. 

Speaking on the condition of anonymity, the source told the paper that it was an early assessment and further analysis was under way. Local authorities think the missile is similar to the Javelin - a British-made man-portable close air defense guided system - or Spike - an Israeli guided missile, which are both used by the South Korean military.

Last Friday, North Korea¡¯s state media reported that Kim Jong-un supervised a newly developed ultramodern tactical weapon test at a defense institute. This was the first time in a year that the leader was officially described as overseeing a weapons experiment.

As denuclearization talks between the United States stalled, analysts believe Pyongyang was sending a warning to Washington that its patience was wearing thin. But no further details about the weapon were given by the North¡¯s media, nor did it specify the precise date of the test.

An English version of a report in the Korean Central News Agency said the test was conducted successfully at the Academy of National Defense Science and that Kim was ¡°so excited¡± to have seen ¡°great work¡± by defense scientists and munitions workers. Kim was quoted as saying the development of the weapon was directed ¡°step by step¡± by his father, former leader Kim Jong-il, who died in Dec. 2011. 

Some local military officials believe the North may try to sell the weapon to foreign countries, as international sanctions have been damaging its economy. UN resolutions, however, ban the regime from selling arms. 

The Javelin, one of two weapons South Korean military officials think the new North Korean weapon is based on, is 1.4 meters long (4.6 feet) and can fire a missile up to a maximum range of 4.5 kilometers (2.7 miles) with a maximum speed of 1,304 miles per hour. The system can be launched from a soldier¡¯s shoulder or from a military vehicle. 

The other weapon that the South¡¯s military think the North Koreans based the weapon on is the Spike. The Israeli guided missile system has been deployed by South Korean Marines atop combat vehicles to target North Korean tunnels near the Northern Limit Line, the de-facto maritime border separating both Koreas in the Yellow Sea. The Spike can hit targets as far as 25 kilometers away.

Impeachment of judges idea supported by ruling party 
The National Assembly remains split over an unprecedented proposal to impeach sitting judges implicated in a power abuse scandal dating back to the previous administration. 

The legislature is being asked to respond to Monday¡¯s decision by a council of representatives of district courts across the country recommending the impeachment of sitting judges accused of helping ex-Chief Justice Yang Sung-tae win presidential favor by exerting influence over high-profile trials, among other forms of misconduct. 

The ruling Democratic Party (DP) welcomed the move on Tuesday, adding that it would immediately commence internal discussions into putting an impeachment bill forward. 

¡°We highly appreciate that self-reflecting and reformist voices were raised within the judiciary,¡± Hong Young-pyo, the DP¡¯s floor leader, said at a meeting with party officials. ¡°Now is the time for the National Assembly to answer.¡±

Liberal-leaning lawmakers advocating judicial reform said that the judges¡¯ decision has given traction to their goal of punishing misdeeds by judges with impeachment, which was previously considered an extreme measure that could violate the principle of the separation of powers.

There is a constitutional route to such impeachments.

Approval by a third of the current 299-member parliament would enable a motion to impeach individual judges to be debated and then voted on in a plenary session. A majority vote in favor would send the matter to the Constitutional Court for review.

As in last year¡¯s case for the removal of President Park Geun-hye, six of the nine judges on the Constitutional Court would need to uphold the impeachments for the judges to be dismissed from their posts. 

But there are many controversial elements to the idea, above all, who would identify the judges to be impeached by the National Assembly. The number of sitting judges implicated in the Yang Sung-tae scandal widely differ. 

The current Supreme Court under its new chief, Kim Myoung-su, has listed 13 judges who should face disciplinary action for their involvement in the scandal, while a prominent legal civic group has cited only six. No serving judge has yet been indicted in the scandal, although one former judge has. His indictment listed over 30 fellow judges involved in the scandal. 

The biggest question is the independence of the judicial branch as a whole. 

The conservative-leaning opposition parties - the Liberty Korea Party (LKP) and Bareunmirae Party (BP) - fiercely oppose impeachments on those grounds. LKP floor leader Kim Sung-tae called the proposal a ¡°kangaroo-court style witch hunt,¡± while BP floor leader Kim Kwan-young argued it was premature given that a criminal investigation into the scandal was still underway.

The currently fractured state of the legislature - with the liberals and conservatives each holding seats just shy of a majority - would mean that passage of the motion would be dependent on independent lawmakers, of which there are currently seven. 

Analysts say the chances of impeachments appear dim since individual lawmakers may disagree with their party¡¯s stances. 

Gov¡¯t plans elderly care, housing 
On Tuesday, the government announced a blueprint centered on providing better treatment and caregiving to seniors in their homes as Korea¡¯s population ages rapidly. 

Under the Community Care policy spearheaded by the Ministry of Health and Welfare, the government will establish a working system by 2025 so that seniors will be cared for without having to leave their homes.

¡°Seoul will come up with a system in which older people can spend their later years within their communities through such policies as housing support and visits by doctors and home care visits,¡± Health and Welfare Minister Park Minister Neung-hoo told reporters in Seoul.

The plan comes as Asia¡¯s fourth-largest economy is projected to become a superaged society in 2026, with 20 percent of the population expected to be over 65. The country became an aged society in 2017, with more than 14 percent of its 50 million population aged 65 or older.

According to a ministry survey last year, 57.7 percent of the people viewed as seniors said they would like to spend the remainder of their lives at the place where they were living. Reflecting such wishes, the government will push ahead with policies centered on older people so they can find affordable housing. It calls for offering around 40,000 public rental houses by 2022.

The houses will be located close to public health care and caregiving centers, officials said. The ministry said 5,000 of them will be called ¡°public silver houses,¡± which will first be offered to low-income older people living alone. The houses will be equipped with various safety features like automatic gas cutoffs and movement sensors, officials said.

The government said it will also increase the number of older people receiving home visits from doctors and nurses from 1.25 million this year to 3.93 million by 2025.In order to meet the requirements, the government will build community health care centers at every local government building across the country, officials said. 

Marines plan for drone combat 
The South Korean Marine Corps will seek to establish a drone robot combat system as part of efforts to enhance its amphibious landing capabilities, northwestern border island defense and operational mobility, the Marines¡¯ commander said Tuesday.

Lt. Gen. Jun Jin-goo unveiled the plan during his opening remarks for a forum on future high-tech marine operations.

¡°We will develop a ¡®dronebot¡¯ combat system specifically designed for amphibious landing operations, which will help overcome operational challenges and maximize efficiency,¡± Jun said.

¡°The vertical take-off drone that is operable in scenarios without ships or land-based platforms and a dronebot capable of engaging in underwater or other sea-based operations will be part of the combat system optimized for amphibious landing operations,¡± he added.

Jun also said that the Marine Corps is developing a plan for mobilizing attack drones capable of launching multiple simultaneous attacks on an adversary to help address vulnerabilities in the opening stage of a potential armed conflict.

The marines also plan to establish a dronebot platform designed to better protect ¡°strategic islands,¡± such as the southern island of Jeju and western border islands near North Korea, Jun said.

¡°[With the platform], we will be able to end operations before the conflict reaches land, as we will be launching precision strikes with a networked firepower system and attack drones after promptly detecting signs of an enemy¡¯s provocation,¡± he said.

The marines will pursue a ¡°modular¡± dronebot system that can flexibly conduct operations to handle both military and non-military security challenges, including a disaster relief mission, the commandant said.

The military, including the Army, has been exploring the military use of cutting-edge technologies, such as big data, drones and robots, as part of efforts to stay abreast of the ongoing fourth industrial revolution, which is marked by the convergence of such technologies.

Judges vote to impeach some brethren 
Judges from courts across the country gathered Monday and voted to recommend impeachment of any judges implicated in a major power abuse scandal from the past administration that has rocked one of the country¡¯s three branches of government. 

A total of 114 sitting judges convened at the Judicial Research and Training Institute in Goyang, Gyeonggi, as part of a regular meeting of representatives from all courts in Korea. 

But also on the agenda was a discussion of an unprecedented: whether to strip judge status from any sitting judge involved in a snowballing scandal involving favors for the impeached and removed Park Geun-hye administration.

The resolution was submitted by representatives of the Daegu District Court¡¯s Andong Branch, who argued that impeachment was the appropriate way to respond to threats to the independence of the judiciary by the unconstitutional actions of judges, including Supreme Court justices.

The resolution was adopted by a majority following an hour-long debate. For some reason, only 105 judges voted.

While the resolution itself has no binding power, the decision of the judicial representatives could pressure the National Assembly into passing a law to punish extreme wrongdoing by judges with impeachment. 

After the power abuse scandal came to light last year, judges have been scrambling to find a way to restore the public¡¯s faith in the judiciary - though not all agree that impeachment is the way to do that. Sources from the judicial convention say there was significant opposition to the resolution.

Monday¡¯s gathering took place as prosecutors were in the process of grilling one of those top judges accused of abusing his power: former Supreme Court Justice Park Byoung-dae. 

¡°As chief of the National Court Administration (NCA), I have worked selflessly,¡± Park said as he stepped into the Supreme Public Prosecutors¡¯ Office in southern Seoul. ¡°It pains me that many judges were hurt and I must be subject to inquiry.¡±

Park Byoung-dae held the post of NCA chief from 2014 to 2016 and is believed to have helped former Chief Justice Yang Sung-tae win presidential favor by exerting influence in high-profile trials.

The most prominent of the trials involved a damages suit filed by Korean plaintiffs against Japanese companies that had forced them to work during World War II. Park Byoung-dae allegedly met former Blue House Chief of Staff Kim Ki-choon in October 2014 to discuss how to deal with the trial in line with Park Geun-hye¡¯s wishes. 

The NCA under his leadership is also believed to have drafted a document in February 2015 that suggested ruling in favor of Won Sei-hoon, a former intelligence chief on trial for spying during an election, as a ¡°conciliatory gesture¡± toward the Blue House. 

The fact that judges on the country¡¯s highest court colluded with the executive branch would constitute a violation of the constitutional principle of separation of powers. In return, Yang allegedly expected Park Geun-hye¡¯s help in establishing a new appellate court to cut down on the Supreme Court¡¯s heavy workload. 

In addition, Park Byoung-dae and Yang are suspected of keeping a blacklist of judges based on their political leanings, among a list of other alleged crimes. 

Park Byoung-dae¡¯s deputy in the NCA, Lim Jong-hun, has been in custody since Oct. 29 as a key suspect in the case. Prosecutors believe Lim carried out much of the administrative work in committing the misconduct under Park¡¯s orders and supervision. The two were listed as accomplices over 30 times in Lim¡¯s written arraignment following the latter¡¯s indictment last week.

Prosecutors say they plan to bring in another former Supreme Court justice, Ko Young-han, by the end of this month. And depending on how the investigations into these justices proceed, prosecutors are likely to finally summon the central figure in the case - Yang Sung-tae himself. 

U.S. calling for high-level talks with North soon 
Washington is suggesting to Pyongyang a high-level negotiation in New York between late November and early December, a source with knowledge of the situation exclusively told the JoongAng Ilbo Sunday.

For the Donald Trump White House, the high-level meeting would be a litmus test to determine whether to hold a second summit with the Kim Jong-un regime, the source said on the condition of anonymity. 

It is not known precisely how North Korea is responding. Andrew Kim, head of the CIA¡¯s Korea Mission Center, tried to figure that out last week when he visited South Korea to meet local officials, a different source told the JoongAng Ilbo. 

Kim was said to have asked questions about Seoul¡¯s stance on a U.S.-North high-level meeting and ¡°feel North Korea out¡± after the regime called off a planned high-level meeting with the United States earlier this month.

The U.S. State Department announced on Nov. 6 that U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was to meet Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, in New York on Nov. 8. The two envoys were supposed to continue denuclearization talks and discuss a second summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. 

But on Nov. 7, the department said the meeting was off and gave no explanation why. U.S. Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley said on Nov. 8 that it was the North who canceled the meeting, apparently ¡°because they weren¡¯t ready.¡±

Rep. Park Jie-won, a four-term South Korean lawmaker in the minor-left Party for Democracy and Peace, wrote on Facebook Sunday that he expected a U.S.-North high-level meeting to be held this week at the earliest or around Nov. 28 at the latest, without revealing his sources. The meeting, he wrote, will be a ¡°watershed¡± moment for a second North-U.S. summit.

Pundits surmise it won¡¯t be easy for both countries to find common ground as the United States has been pressing the North to surrender a complete inventory of its nuclear stockpiles and related facilities, whereas the North insists that a formal declaration ending the 1950-53 Korean War, which ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty, has to come first.

Trump said during a Fox News interview published Sunday that he¡¯s ¡°very happy¡± with the way his administration is dealing with the North.

Last Friday, the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported on leader Kim Jong-un supervising ¡°a newly developed ultramodern tactical weapon test¡± at a defense institute, the first time in a year that the leader was officially described as overseeing a weapons experiment. 

In an editorial published Monday by the state-run newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, Pyongyang accused Washington of interfering in inter-Korean affairs and putting the brakes on cross-border projects. The article urged Seoul to distance itself from Washington, claiming that North-South relations cannot improve with South Korea relying on outside forces.

Gyeonggi gov. defiant in face of criticism 
Gyeonggi Gov. Lee Jae-myung struck back at mounting calls for his resignation in an official statement on Monday, denying the police¡¯s conclusion that his wife defamed his political rivals over Twitter.

¡°My wife is not the owner of the Twitter account,¡± Lee told reporters in front of the Gyeonggi provincial office in Suwon. ¡°Despite the fact that there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary, the police assembled a handful of tangential hints to conclude my wife is the offender.¡±

Police said Lee¡¯s wife Kim Hye-kyung used the Twitter account @08_hkkim to post hundreds of messages that violated Korean libel law. 

On Sunday, the Gyeonggi Nambu Provincial Police Agency announced that the Twitter account belonged to Kim. The account attacked political rivals of Lee, such as President Moon Jae-in and Rep. Jeon Hae-cheol. Lee ran against Moon in last year¡¯s Democratic Party presidential primary and against Jeon in the Gyeonggi gubernatorial election this June.

Some posts included highly offensive language that mocked the suicide of former President Roh Moo-hyun and the victims of the Sewol ferry sinking. 

Online activists had long claimed the account belonged to Kim, citing a photo uploaded by the handle that they claimed could only have been obtained by someone very close to the governor. The probe only began in April after Jeon filed an official complaint with the police against the account on the grounds of defamation.

The conclusion to the eight-month probe on Sunday incited a political earthquake, with opposition politicians raining down criticism on the governor and demanding that he resign. Even members of Lee¡¯s own party, the ruling Democratic Party, have suggested that he should step down if the allegations prove to be true.

Police officially handed the case over to the Suwon District Prosecutors¡¯ Office on Monday and recommended that prosecutors indict Kim on charges of defamation and violation of election laws. In his statement to the press, Lee called the investigation a ¡°dirty political attack,¡± claiming it was aimed at preventing him from doing his job as governor. 

¡°If the police had put in a tenth of the effort they are putting into my investigation to look into the Samsung BioLogics case or corruption among the elite, the country would be ten times better than it is now,¡± Lee added.

When the police asked for his indictment on multiple criminal charges like abuse of power and spreading false information last month, Lee claimed they were politically biased against him.

¡°If they want to hurt me, then they should spit on me,¡± Lee said. ¡°Don¡¯t bring my innocent wife into this fight.¡±

Lee¡¯s claims were immediately dismissed by the Commissioner General of the National Police Agency, Min Gap-ryong, who said the police¡¯s conclusion on Sunday was the result of a fair and legal investigation.

¡°Additional investigations will be conducted through a variety of means,¡± Min told the press at a regular briefing at the police headquarters in central Seoul. ¡°I believe the truth will be revealed in this process.¡±

Park¡¯s support for unions draws opposition ire 
Opposition lawmakers condemned Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon¡¯s support of unions¡¯ protest against the Moon Jae-in administration¡¯s flexible working hour policy at a rally over the weekend.

¡°Seoul will be a city where labor unions can have their say,¡± Park said, addressing union members on a stage near the National Assembly on Saturday. ¡°It will be a city where laborers can form unions and stay active.¡±

Park said that advanced countries like Finland tend to have a higher rate of labor union membership, adding that a ¡°higher rate of labor union participation tends to translate into higher economic competitiveness of the country and standards of living of the people.¡±

Park protested alongside members of the Federation of Korean Trade Unions. The federation, which hosted the rally, said about 30,000 people took part in the rally.

Korea¡¯s umbrella labor unions have been protesting the policy because they believe it will worsen their working conditions.

Moon and political leaders agreed earlier this month to allow companies to increase or decrease maximum working hours depending on the amount of work for up to six months.

For example, a company that makes air conditioner parts could increase its working hours to more than 52 hours a week during the high-demand summer season and correspondingly decrease them during the winter.

The agreement came as businesses struggle to adapt to the shorter workweek, which cut maximum weekly working hours to 52 from the previous 68. Opposition lawmakers criticized Park for taking part in the rally.

¡°It doesn¡¯t make sense that the mayor from the ruling party would take part in the rally with labor unions in opposition to the Moon Jae-in administration¡¯s policy,¡± said the Liberty Korea Party (LKP) floor leader Kim Sung-tae in a party meeting on Monday. ¡°If Park is trying to appeal to the unions for his own political gains, he had better watch out. I don¡¯t think he wants to disappoint his DP colleagues just yet.¡±

¡°Park made the wrong move,¡± said the Bareunmirae Party chairman Sohn Hak-kyu on Monday. ¡°Politicians need to know where to show up and not. The ruling and opposition parties are about to work together on reforming the labor market, and Park made the wrong move as the mayor of Seoul.¡±

¡°I think Park may be trying to use this movement to boost his standing as a possible presidential candidate in the future,¡± said LKP Rep. Kim Jin-tae.

The Seoul city government played down Park¡¯s participation in the rally.

¡°The mayor¡¯s participation had been planned for a while,¡± a city government official told the JoongAng Ilbo. 

DP chairman Lee meets with union leader at Assembly 
Lee Hae-chan, chairman of the ruling Democratic Party, met with the leader of one of Korea¡¯s two major umbrella labor unions on Monday to win support for the government¡¯s changing labor policies.

Lee¡¯s meeting with Kim Ju-young, head of the Federation of Korean Trade Unions (FKTU), at the National Assembly came as the other major labor union, the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU), is planning to carry out a nationwide strike on Wednesday to protest a number of labor policies pushed by the Moon Jae-in administration, such as allowing companies to increase or decrease their workers¡¯ maximum working hours depending on the amount of work needed at a given time.

For example, a company that makes air conditioner parts could increase its working hours to more than 52 hours a week during the high-demand summer season and then correspondingly decrease them during the winter season. The FKTU is considered more moderate than KCTU, which is known for its aggressive street rallies.

¡°During its rally on Oct. 8, the FKTU raised concerns over the issue of flexible working hours and minimum wage. We will have an in-depth discussion on such issues with [the FKTU president and leadership members] at today¡¯s policy consultative meeting,¡± said Lee. 

Kim of the FKTU said that union members had serious concerns over the Moon government¡¯s ¡°backpedaling¡± on its initial promises to improve labor rights. 

¡°Less than a year after the government took office with an agenda of setting up a society that respects labor rights, it withdrew its campaign promise to increase the minimum hourly wage to 10,000 won ($8.86) by 2020,¡± said Kim. He also argued that a policy that would allow companies to increase or decrease working hours at times of high or low work demand was ¡°threatening to nullify the new 52-maximum workweek.¡± 

The Monday meeting came as tensions between the Moon administration and labor unions are brewing. This has come as a surprise, as Moon ran a campaign that promised labor-friendly policies. 

There is some degree of conflict between the government and the FKTU, which strongly objects to the government¡¯s flexible approach to the 52 maximum workhours. Tensions are much higher between the government and the KCTU. 

One labor policy supported by the FKTU but fiercely opposed by the KCTU involves a joint corporation planned by Hyundai Motor and the Gwangju Metropolitan Government.

Under the proposed agreement between the two, a car assembly line will be built in Gwangju by 2020 at the earliest. Hyundai Motor plans to invest 50 billion won in the 700-billion-won project. Hyundai will invest in the city-owned plant under the condition that it will pay Gwangju assembly workers around half of what it pays other Hyundai assembly workers. Once the factory is operational, it is expected to employ 10,000 workers and create 100,000 more jobs indirectly. 

While the FKTU has embraced the proposal, the KCTU has criticized it, saying that it will eventually worsen conditions for other workers. This has further strained relations with the Moon government, which is trying to help Hyundai and Gwangju cut a deal. 

Legislature is deadlocked, budget bill could be late 
Floor leaders of three major parties on Monday couldn¡¯t agree to normalize parliamentary affairs, so deadlocked are they on several domestic issues, raising the question of whether the National Assembly will be able to approve the government budget for next year by the legal deadline, which is Dec. 2. 

DP floor leader Hong Young-pyo, Liberty Korea Party (LKP) floor leader Kim Sung-tae and Bareunmirae Party floor leader Kim Kwan-young met at the National Assembly to search for middle ground on issues that the DP and the two oppositions disagree over, but failed. 

The LKP announced it would boycott all parliamentary activities, casting doubt on the prospects of approving the 470.5 trillion-won ($416.4 billion) budget bill by the Dec. 2 deadline.

The assembly frequently fails to meet the legal deadline for the budget, although it did in 2015 and 2016.

One major disagreement is the opposition¡¯s demand that a parliamentary probe be launched into alleged nepotism in hiring at Seoul Metro, a public corporation run by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, which operates Seoul Metro lines No.1 through 8 and which around 10 million people take on a daily basis. DP floor leader Hong called the demand ¡°over the top.¡± 

Opposition suspects the DP is refusing the probe because it worries it will ensnarl Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon when speculation abounds that he is preparing to run for president in 2022. 

¡°The DP is damaging a country already reeling from nepotism allegations with its overt efforts to protect Mayor Park,¡± said LKP floor leader Kim after his meeting with his ruling party counterpart. 

¡°If the DP continues such disregard for the people, the LKP will have no choice but take a bold step as the No. 1 opposition party,¡± warned Kim, alluding to the LKP¡¯s continued boycott of the parliamentary activities.

Kim of the Bareunmirae Party also criticized the DP for its rejection of a parliamentary probe into the Seoul Metro scandal. 
¡°Why is the DP so afraid of accepting the probe?¡± he asked. 

Suspicions of irregular recruitment at Seoul Metro arose earlier this year when it was revealed that 108 among the 1,285 workers upgraded earlier this year from long-term contract positions to full-time positions were found to be relatives of existing employees. The possibility that they took the contract jobs after getting inside information about the upgrades from their relatives did not sit well with the public at a time of worsening youth unemployment. In June this year, the number of Koreans aged 25 to 45 without jobs reached 338,000, the highest in 19 years, according to government data.

South has sent tangerines to North before, to little effect 
Last week, the government flew 200 tons of tangerines to North Korea on an Air Force plane. The top-secret transfer resembled a military operation more than a gift-giving gesture.

The Blue House said the tangerines were a gift to the North given in return for the mushrooms Pyongyang sent to Seoul following the third inter-Korean summit in September. An administration spokesman said the tangerines, grown in the warm climate of Jeju Island, would demonstrate the South¡¯s compassion to the people of North Korea. 

But history suggests that the Moon Jae-in administration¡¯s approach to the North is marred by a fundamental misunderstanding.

Last week was not the first time that tangerines were given to the North. The Kim Dae-jung administration delivered the fruit in 1999, when it was trying to get Pyongyang to come to the negotiation table. Under the Kim government, as well as the subsequent Roh Moo-hyun administration, around 18,100 tons of Jeju carrots were included along with the 48,328 tons of tangerines sent to the North.

The justification given was that the residents of the North would be able to get a taste of Jeju, which would help reconciliation between the Koreas. But in this process, the government spent around 23 billion won ($20.5 million) to buy and transfer the produce.

South Korea¡¯s intelligence agency soon discovered how the tangerines were consumed once they reached the North. Reports were received that the fruits made their way to key elite figures in the North¡¯s ruling Korean Workers¡¯ Party and the military. There was also evidence that Kim Jong-il, the country¡¯s former leader, was dispensing tangerines to subordinates to secure their loyalty. As for the carrots, sources said they were used to make juice and used in dishes served for party cadres at the Workers¡¯ Party dining hall.

When the Lee Myung-bak administration came to power in 2008, it soon shut down aid to the North. According to a source inside the Unification Ministry, then-Unification Minister Hyun In-taek, who was from Jeju himself, came to the conclusion that it was meaningless to send luxuries like tangerines to the North. 

This precedent gives analysts reasons for concern when looking at the most recent transfer. Many believe Kim Jong-un, too, will behave like his father and distribute the fruit to gain the loyalty of the establishment. While the Blue House spokesman argues that the sheer size of the transfer was meant to give a taste of tangerines to average resident of the North, intelligence analysts suggest that they will likely go to the powerful.

One defector from the North said that it was impossible to imagine the North Korean government giving away something like tangerines to the people. So far, we have no knowledge of how the tangerines are being consumed in the country. The Unification Ministry says it expects the North will use them wisely.

State-run media in the North has so far been silent on the transfer, and the South Korean government says it has received no response from the North. 

The tangerines were sent in cardboard boxes with no labels on them. Without further explanation or context, it would be impossible to know that they were sent from the South. Analysts say the boxes should have had labels identifying them as Jeju products. When the South sent aid to the North in the form of rice in the past, they were in 40-kilogram (88-pound) sacks labeled with the words ¡°Republic of Korea¡± in large font. The fact that the tangerine boxes were blank suggests the current government is catering to the North¡¯s whims. 

Criticism is also mounting regarding the use of military planes for the transfer. Four Air Force-type C-130 carrier planes were used for the operation from Sunday to Monday. 

The Blue House said that use of a chartered civilian plane was impossible due to current international sanctions on the North. But they still had the option to send the tangerines via a land route using civilian trucks, rather than getting the military involved. 

The most serious issue revolves around the timing of the government¡¯s decision to send the tangerines. The public reacted with fury after it was revealed that Ri Son-gwon, chairman of the North¡¯s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country, insulted South Korean business tycoons over lunch during the inter-Korean summit in Pyongyang last September. 

The Blue House, however, was only concerned about picking tangerines when they are at their ripest in November. The fact that senior Blue House officials know when tangerines are most tasty while being oblivious to public opinion testifies to this government¡¯s lack of public awareness. 

It is no surprise, then, that the Moon government¡¯s slogan of ¡°people first,¡± is being lampooned as ¡°the North Korean people first¡± these days. The government appears to care more about the North and Kim Jong-un than the economic situation back home. 

The criticism isn¡¯t about the willingness to share the South¡¯s delicacies with the people of the North. Sharing what is plentiful and helping one another in times of hardship is a genuine virtue and may prove to be a solid foundation for inter-Korean cooperation. But everything has its time, and the Blue House must listen to public opinion back home. 

To receive the tangerines at its airport in Pyongyang, the North Korean government sent the deputy chief of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country, the same agency whose chief attacked the South¡¯s business leaders in September. The North¡¯s leaders probably were laughing at the fact that the South sent a bounty of tangerines, in spite of the insults it received. One thing is for sure, this is not the kind of inter-Korean reconciliation that the people have in mind. 

Defense acquisition agency looks overseas 
Korea¡¯s arms procurement agency on Monday launched an institution dedicated to supporting the country¡¯s defense firms that are trying to move into foreign markets.

The Defense Acquisition Program Administration (DAPA) held an opening ceremony for the Defense Export Promotion Center (DExPro) at its headquarters in Gwacheon, Gyeonggi, as Korea seeks to develop future growth engines in the defense industry.

¡°The opening of this center signals that DAPA is making a shift towards the export sector from its mission focused on raising local defense firms,¡± Wang Jung-hong, the DAPA chief, told a press conference.

The center will provide defense firms with a comprehensive package of support, such as export-related administrative procedures and other services, DAPA said. As part of efforts to boost arms exports, Seoul is seeking to increase the number of countries that it has a memorandum of understanding on defense industry cooperation with to 50 by 2022 from the current 39. Concerns have persisted about a slowdown in the defense industry, which has relied heavily on the limited domestic market amid increasingly fierce competition in the global market dominated by companies from the United States and other advanced countries.

Korea has recently been pushing to reshape its defense industry into an export-driven one through a series of measures such as deregulation, policy improvement and expansion of global cooperation.

It is aiming especially at helping local firms get a foothold in Southeast Asian countries, in tune with its New Southern Policy, which is aimed at strengthening ties with those countries for enhanced economic and diplomatic cooperation.

To improve its support for arms exports, DAPA plans to install a division for international cooperation next week.

Delegation marks 20 years of Mt.Kumgang tours 
A South Korean delegation traveled to North Korea Sunday to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the launch of tours to the North¡¯s Mount Kumgang resort. 

It was the first time in three years that a group was allowed to travel to the North to celebrate the launch of the tours, which have been suspended for the past 10 years. They will return to the South today.

About 30 members of Hyundai Group, including its Chairwoman Hyun Jeong-eun, and members of the Korea Tourism Organization and Korea Land and Housing Corporation, lawmakers and former South Korean ministers traveled to the North on Sunday for the two-day celebration on the mountain.

Lawmakers in the group included ruling Democratic Party Rep. An Min-suk and Party for Democracy and Peace Rep. Park Jie-won. Former Unification Ministers Lim Dong-won, Jeong Se-hyun and Lee Jong-seok and Gangwon Gov. Choi Moon-soon were also part of the delegation.

Hyun, who was visiting the North for the third time this year, is expected to brief the press about her trip upon her return today. Hyundai hosted the celebration with the North¡¯s Asia-Pacific Peace Committee. 

The South¡¯s Unification Ministry denied the possibility that the delegation may have spoken with their North Korean counterpart about possibly restarting the South Korean tours to Mount Kumgang, which ended in 2008 over a fatal shooting of a South Korean female tourist.

¡°The trip has nothing to do with reopening the tours,¡± a ministry official told reporters on Sunday.

Restarting South Korean tours to the mountain was discussed between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korea leader Kim Jong-un during their summit in September. The two leaders at the time agreed to normalize operations at the Kaesong Industrial Complex, which ended in 2016 over a nuclear test by the North, and South Korean tour packages to the mountain "as conditions ripe."

The conditions are likely to include UN sanctions on the North that forbid any type of bulk-cash inflow into the country.

Pioneered by Hyundai Group¡¯s late founder Chung Ju-yung, Hyun¡¯s father-in-law, the group tours began on Nov. 18, 1998, when a cruise ship brought about 1,400 people from South Korea to the mountain resort. In 2003, groups started going by land as well. South Korea stopped the tours after the fatal shooting of a South Korean female tourist by a North Korean soldier in 2008, which the South has yet to receive an explanation or apology for. Nearly two million tourists had visited the resort up until 2008.

The Hyundai Group has been hosting the celebration of the tours almost every year since 1999, though 2003 was the first year it hosted the event with the North. The celebration stopped in 2015 after bilateral relations worsened after an incident in the demilitarized zone that August. Two South Korean soldiers were wounded by land mines, which was followed by an exchange of fire in the DMZ and the South¡¯s resumption of propaganda broadcasts near the border for the first time in 11 years.

Moon dances around sanctions talk during trip 
President Moon Jae-in avoided discussing sanctions relief for North Korea during his recent meetings with Russian President Vladimir Putin, President Xi Jinping of China and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence in Singapore and Papua New Guinea. 

Moon instead focused on international cooperation to achieve the denuclearization of the North in a peaceful manner. The president returned home from his six-day trip to the island countries on Sunday.

During his summit with President Xi Saturday on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) in Papua New Guinea, Moon expressed hope for coordination between the two neighbors for closer bilateral ties as well as a peaceful solution to the denuclearization of North Korea. 

¡°As the strategic interests of Korea and China lie in the same goal of prosperity and peace in Northeast Asia, I wish for closer coordination with China to enhance bilateral ties as well as peace process on the Korean Peninsula,¡± Moon said in his opening remarks of his fourth summit with Xi. 

Xi responded by saying that bilateral cooperation between the two had been ¡°very effective in stabilizing the Northeast Asian region,¡± apparently referring to the flurry of diplomacy early this year, including three inter-Korean summits and the first North-U.S. summit in June. 

¡°China and Korea share in the pursuit of peace and security of the Korean Peninsula through cooperation with neighbors and carrying out objective and fair international order,¡± he continued. 

The two leaders agreed that a second North-U.S. summit next year and a planned visit by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to Seoul would be a ¡°crucial watershed point¡± in resolving the issue of North Korea¡¯s denuclearization, according to Blue House spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom, who briefed reporters on the 40-minute meeting. 

Kim also noted that Xi and Moon had agreed that an ¡°atmosphere for resolving the issue of the Korean Peninsula is coming into place.¡± 

Xi was said to have told Moon that Kim Jong-un invited him to visit the North and that he was considering accepting it sometime next year, according to the Blue House. 

Moon thanked Xi for his ¡°important role¡± in denuclearization progress, and invited the Chinese president to visit Seoul, which Xi said he was willing to do. While the two leaders agreed that progress was being made on solving North Korea¡¯s denuclearization, neither Xi nor Moon mentioned the possibility of sanctions relief for North Korea, according to the presidential office. 

Moon also didn¡¯t mention sanctions relief for the North during his summit with Russian President Putin on Thursday on the sidelines of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) summit in Singapore.

During the meeting, Putin said that if progress continued on the North¡¯s denuclearization, ¡°corresponding measures should follow,¡± including easing the economic sanctions that have been damaging the North¡¯s economy. But rather than agreeing with Putin, Moon simply asked that Russia ¡°play an active role¡± in helping the North take bolder steps toward denuclearization. 

Moon also didn¡¯t refer to possible sanctions relief as a ¡°corresponding measure¡± during his meeting with U.S. Vice President Pence. While Pence acknowledged that much progress had been made in denuclearization talks, he noted that ¡°much work remains¡± to be done to rid the North of its nuclear arsenal. Moon didn¡¯t hide his high expectations for the second Kim-Trump summit, saying it would lead to ¡°significant progress for the peace process and the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.¡± 

Moon¡¯s sidestep on sanctions relief for the North was contrasted to what he said during his meeting with President Emmanuel Macron of France on Oct. 15 in Paris. Moon stressed that easing UN sanctions could further facilitate the North¡¯s denuclearization process. 

Noting that North Korean leader Kim had promised him ¡°not only to halt nuclear and missile tests and dismantle their production facilities but also destroy all nuclear weapons and materials stockpiled should the United States take corresponding measures,¡± Moon told the French president that ¡°if North Korea¡¯s denuclearization is judged to enter an irreversible phase, its denuclearization should be further facilitated by easing UN sanctions.¡± 

Moon asked Macron to help ease economic sanctions on the North ¡°as the president of a permanent member of the UN Security Council.¡±

Instead of agreeing to Moon¡¯s request, Macron expressed hope that the North would take ¡°substantive measures for its denuclearization.¡±

China aims to weaken U.S.-Korea ties: Report 
China isn¡¯t as committed to North Korea¡¯s denuclearization as Washington or Seoul and aims to weaken the South Korea-U.S. alliance, according to an annual report on the U.S.-China economic and security relationship submitted to the U.S. Congress on Wednesday.

Beijing also appears to have already relaxed its enforcement of sanctions on North Korea, ¡°undermining the U.S. ¡®maximum pressure¡¯ campaign,¡± according to the extensive report by the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission.

The report, which also outlined China¡¯s North Korea strategy, stressed that the ¡°timeline for cutting sanctions is perhaps the most prominent process issue.¡± It added that ¡°harmonizing the timeline and sequencing for implementing a comprehensive agreement¡± will be a priority for negotiators.

U.S. officials prefer ¡°speedy steps toward ending North Korea¡¯s nuclear and long-range missile programs, with the bulk of actions from Pyongyang coming up front before sanctions relief¡± and have some ¡°potential for flexibility,¡± according to the report. In turn, China has pushed for a ¡°phased and synchronous¡± approach, with reciprocal actions from each side.

China ¡°is wary of being isolated¡± as the United States and South Korea negotiate with the North on denuclearization, the commission found, and fears ¡°losing out¡± if Pyongyang commits to a full-scale strategic realignment with Seoul and Washington. 

It added that Beijing ¡°will seek an active role in trying to shape the terms of any final agreement¡± to expand and implement the June 12 statement between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump, as it pledged to ¡°work toward complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.¡±

China considers ending ¡°North Korea¡¯s nuclear and long-range missile programs as a worthwhile but secondary goal,¡± according to the report, but it prioritizes advancing its own geopolitical goals on the Korean Peninsula. It ¡°seeks a deal that goes further to include scaling back or ending the U.S.-South Korea alliance and, eventually, removing U.S. forces¡± from the peninsula. 

It aims to achieve these goals by supporting a peace treaty to formally end the 1950-53 Korean War, seeking the suspension of joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises and pushing for a reduction of U.S. troops in South Korea, the commission added. 

The commission also warned that if negotiating parties ¡°cannot agree to verifiably ending North Korea¡¯s nuclear and long-range missile programs,¡± China could push for laxer verification and enforcement standards and effectively accept North Korea as a nuclear power.

The commission also directed the U.S. Treasury Department to provide a report on the current state of Chinese enforcement of sanctions on North Korea within 180 days. This list would include Chinese financial institutions, businesses and officials involved in trading with North Korea that could be subject to future sanctions. 

¡°China¡¯s foremost interest on the Korean Peninsula is to maintain stability and to ensure it is not isolated in any future peace agreement for the peninsula,¡± said Carolyn Bartholomew, vice chairperson of the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission, in a Senate hearing on Wednesday. ¡°Eventually, Beijing would like to steer negotiations in a direction that undermines the U.S.-South Korea alliance and gets American troops out of Korea.¡±

Kim attends his first weapons test in almost a year 
North Korea¡¯s state media reported Friday that its leader, Kim Jong-un, supervised ¡°a newly developed ultramodern tactical weapon test¡± at a defense institute, the first time in a year that Kim was officially described as overseeing a weapons experiment. 

With denuclearization talks with the United States stalled, analysts believe Pyongyang is sending a warning to Washington that its patience is wearing thin. Little progress has been made on its demands: that the United States sign a formal declaration to end the 1950-53 Korean War, which ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty, and ease up on sanctions.

The United States has refused both carrots, urging the North to finally, fully and verifiably give up its nuclear weapons first. 

No further details of the ¡°ultramodern¡± weapon was given by the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) Friday, nor did it specify the precise date of the test. But North Korean state media usually reports on the leader¡¯s activities a day later for security reasons, which would mean the test occurred Thursday. 

An English version of the KCNA report said the test was conducted ¡°successfully¡± at the Academy of National Defense Science, and that Kim was ¡°so excited¡± to have seen ¡°great work¡± by defense scientists and munitions workers. Kim was quoted as saying the development of the weapon was directed ¡°step by step¡± by his father, former leader Kim Jong-il, who died in December 2011. 

¡°He [Kim Jong-un] added that the weapon is just like a posthumous weapon and he missed Kim Jong Il very much while seeing the great success of its test,¡± KCNA reported. The test, Kim Jong-un reportedly said, was ¡°another striking demonstration of the validity of the [Workers¡¯] Party policy of prioritizing defence science and technology and the rapidly developing defence capability of the country and as a decisive turn in bolstering the fighting capability of the Korean People¡¯s Army.¡±

The last time North Korean media reported Kim¡¯s attendance of a weapons test was on Nov. 29 last year, when the leader watched the launch of a Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). Pyongyang, at the time, announced it finally mastered its nuclear development program. Ever since, it has refrained from carrying out any nuclear or missile tests as it entered into negotiations with Seoul and Washington.

Local analysts said the regime appeared to have been careful in the KCNA article not to provoke Washington, especially U.S. President Donald Trump, who¡¯s been bragging about his great relationship with Kim and the cessation of weapons tests since negotiations began.

For one, the KCNA report said Kim supervised a tactical weapon, not a strategic weapon. An official from the South¡¯s Unification Ministry, which handles inter-Korean relations, said the government was assuming the North was referring to a conventional weapon, though further study was needed because the KCNA referred to the tactical weapon as being ¡°ultramodern.¡±

The report also stressed the defensive nature of the weapon and refrained from hurling any threats at the United States or South Korea in contrast to past weapons tests.

The North¡¯s official newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, ran a similar report on half of its second page Friday. In the past, Kim¡¯s so-called supervisions of weapons tests usually made front-page headlines and continued to the second or third pages with a myriad of photos. Friday¡¯s front page of the Rodong Sinmun was about Kim¡¯s visit to Sinuiju, the capital of North Pyongan Province, to check the city¡¯s urban planning and development.

In a separate KCNA report, the North reported on South Korean President Moon Jae-in¡¯s recent gift of tangerines, saying a ¡°large quantity of mandarins produced on Jeju Island¡± was sent by Moon to Kim. Kim was said to have expressed his gratitude to Moon and instructed the fruit be distributed to school children and Pyongyang citizens. 

Moon reaffirmed policy of engagement with North Korea during a bilateral meeting with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence in Singapore Thursday on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit. Blue House spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom told reporters that Moon told Pence it was imperative to ¡°specifically show¡± the North the bright future that awaits it if it denuclearizes. 

Moon was also quoted as telling Pence that he would help both countries make progress in denuclearization and improving bilateral relations.

In a markedly different tone, the White House said in a statement about the same Moon-Pence meeting that the two men discussed the ¡°ongoing efforts to accomplish our two countries¡¯ mutual goals of achieving the final, fully verified denuclearization of North Korea, as agreed to by Chairman Kim [Jong-un],¡± and establishing a permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula. Both were said to have noted the importance of close coordination on North Korea-related matters, including on implementing sanctions and inter-Korean cooperation.

South Korea¡¯s Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon, who kicked off a five-day visit to the United States on Tuesday to meet with American officials, said Thursday at a forum at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington that ¡°real financial cooperation¡± between South and North Korea will only be possible after international sanctions are lifted. 

Cho said it was ¡°impossible¡± for South Korean companies and financial institutes to do business with North Korea under current circumstances, and that Seoul was adamant about financially engaging with the regime only after the ¡°North Korean nuclear issue is handled.¡±

In a separate meeting with South Korean correspondents in Washington, Cho said 2019 would be a ¡°very crucial¡± year for both Koreas. 

¡°Both South Korea and the United States don¡¯t have much on their political calendars next year,¡± said Cho. ¡°North Korea, ahead of the 75th anniversary of the founding of the Workers¡¯ Party in 2020, is in a situation where it has to show some kind of achievement in the economic sector to its people.¡±

UN condemns North on rights 
A United Nations committee on Thursday adopted a resolution calling for accountability for gross human rights violations in North Korea.

The UN Third Committee, which oversees humanitarian issues, passed the document by consensus without a vote.

It is expected to pass the UN General Assembly next month for the 14th consecutive year.

The South Korean government said it joined the consensus-based decision in accordance with a policy to work together with the international community for a ¡°substantive improvement¡± in the human rights of North Korean people.

In a statement, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said this year¡¯s resolution, while largely maintaining the content of previous versions, welcomes ongoing diplomatic efforts on Pyongyang and takes note of the importance of dialogue and engagement to address the human rights and humanitarian situations there.

It was co-sponsored by 61 member states.

The resolution ¡°condemns the longstanding and ongoing systematic, widespread and gross violations of human rights in and by the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea.¡±

In particular it cites abuses the UN Commission of Inquiry said in 2014 could amount to crimes against humanity - and the continuing impunity for such violations - including torture, rape, public executions and the use of the death penalty for political and religious reasons.

The commission ¡°encourages¡± the UN Security Council to ¡°take appropriate action to ensure accountability,¡± such as by considering referral of the situation to the International Criminal Court.

It also calls on the council to consider further sanctions to ¡°target effectively those who appear to be most responsible for human rights violations,¡± an apparent reference to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.

The UN has repeatedly called for such action in its resolutions since 2014.

 The commission ¡°strongly urges¡± the North Korean government to take a series of measures to respect human rights.

They include ¡°immediately¡± closing political prison camps and releasing all political prisoners ¡°unconditionally and without any delay,¡± ensuring those responsible for the crimes are brought to justice before an independent judiciary, and ensuring that North Korean defectors are able to return ¡°in safety and dignity¡± without punishment.

This year¡¯s resolution also contains reference to December¡¯s UN Security Council resolution in which all UN member states are required to repatriate North Korean workers within two years.

The workers are thought to be a source of income for the North Korean government to continue development of its nuclear weapons.

The resolution also welcomes ¡°the ongoing diplomatic efforts,¡± a likely reference to this year¡¯s historic summits between Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in as well as U.S. President Donald Trump.

It notes the importance of dialogue and engagements for the improvement of the human rights situation.

And on the issue of South and North Korean families separated by the 1950-53 Korean War, the resolution welcomes the resumption of reunions in August, and the commitments made at the September inter-Korean summit to fundamentally resolve the issue.

The text was jointly penned by the European Union and Japan, with contributions from other member states, including South Korea.

The UN has adopted a North Korean human rights resolution every year since 2005.

Peace foundation chairman says Korea is at a tipping point 
¡°This is the moment of truth for inter-Korean relations,¡± said Hong Seok-hyun, chairman of the Korea Peace Foundation, at the Pohang University of Science and Technology (Postech) in North Gyeongsang on Thursday.

¡°It is a watershed moment in which things can be resolved well, or catastrophe could return,¡± said Hong, also a former Korean ambassador to the United States and the chairman of JoongAng Holdings, during a keynote speech at a symposium that marked the launch of the Postech Peace Institute.

¡°Our government has to play a role in resolving the stalemate between the United States and North Korea by pushing for an innovative approach,¡± Hong continued. ¡°The final destination is achieving permanent denuclearization and peace on the Korean Peninsula, and we have to bear in mind that there is no Plan B.¡± 

Hong was a member of President Moon Jae-in¡¯s delegation to Pyongyang for his third summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un from Sept. 18 to 20. Hong said that Kim Jong-un and his younger sister Kim Yo-jong, the first vice director of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, ¡°held resolve in their eyes that ¡®things can¡¯t continue this way.¡¯¡± 

¡°Regardless of whether they have made the decision or not, our job is to continue to propose the conditions and structure to induce them to make that decision,¡± Hong said.

Hong pointed out that some continue to be skeptical of North Korea¡¯s sincerity.

¡°Within the United States, there are many who do not view that Chairman Kim has really decided to denuclearize,¡± he said. But Kim Jong-un ¡°has referred to denuclearization himself,¡± so it is ¡°role of the leadership to make the systems to help realize this.¡± 

Hong recalled that during Moon¡¯s Sept. 19 address at the May Day Stadium in Pyongyang, in front of some 150,000 North Korean citizens, the South Korean president said that Kim Jong-un committed to a Korean Peninsula ¡°free from nuclear weapons and nuclear threats.¡± 

Stressing the need for Kim to make a visit to Seoul, Hong said, ¡°Chairman Kim, in turn, has to reconfirm his resolve to implement his pledge to denuclearization at a place like the [South Korean] National Assembly.¡±

He continued, ¡°I hope the return visit happens at an early date.¡± 

A second summit between Kim and U.S. President Donald Trump and the North Korean leader¡¯s visit to the South were two key factors and ¡°the first and second steps on the Korean Peninsula peace odyssey,¡± he said. 

Hong, however, expressed concern over a return to a state of crisis should the current standoff in denuclearization negotiations continue. He warned that, if the issue is not resolved, ¡°We may return to the state of the past - that must never happen.¡± 

He said that South Korean has to control the speed at which it carries out inter-Korean projects in cooperation with the United States, and that there must be domestic cooperation within the South before North-South projects can advance.

¡°The future is determined by how inter-Korean relations are resolved,¡± said Kim Doh-yeon, the president of Postech, in his welcoming address at the symposium. 

Kim added that ¡°the science and technology sector is not an exception to this.¡±

Pyongyang to deport American who snuck across border 
North Korea will deport a U.S. citizen detained for illegally entering the country a month ago, the North¡¯s state-run Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported on Friday. 

The KCNA identified the American man as Bruce Byron Lowrance. KCNA said he entered North Korea through its border with China on Oct. 16 and was detained afterward. 

He was said to have told North Korean authorities that he was ¡°under the control of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA),¡± and North Korea in turn ¡°decided to deport Lowrance.¡±

Lowrance, a resident of Michigan, was found wandering near the demilitarized zone (DMZ) at the inter-Korean border last November and deported by South Korean authorities. This marks the first time Pyongyang has released an American in half a year. 

In May, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo secured the release of three Korean-American detainees ahead of a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un on June 12. Trump greeted the detainees in person.

Otto Warmbier, an American student who was detained in North Korea since 2016, died days after his release in June 2017 in a vegetative state. 

The North¡¯s relatively early release of the American could be an overture to the United States, considering the ongoing North-U.S. negotiations. 

Amateur golfers invited to tee off in the North 
North Korea will resume an annual amateur golf tournament in 2019 after a two-year hiatus as the country struggles to earn foreign exchange due to international sanctions. 

Lupine Travel, a U.K.-based travel agency that sponsors the event, recently announced that the 2019 DPRK Amateur Golf Open will run from next Sept. 5 to 6 in Pyongyang. DPRK is the acronym for North Korea¡¯s official name, the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea.

The agency¡¯s four-day tour packages for the golf tournament, which starts on Sept. 4 and ends on Sept. 7, begin from 999 euros ($1,130) and include train travel from Chinese cities, hotel accommodations, meals, guides, a tournament entry fee and a North Korean caddy.

Travelers without a North Korean visa will be required to pay an additional 50 euros, the company¡¯s website explained. 

¡°The event is open to all amateur golfers,¡± the website wrote, ¡°except those with South Korean and U.S. passports.¡±

The tournament will be held at the Pyongyang Golf Complex, 27 kilometers (17 miles) from Pyongyang, the North¡¯s capital, and no more than 40 people will be allowed to participate. 

North Korean tourism is exempt from UN sanctions, though South Korea and the United States ban its citizens from visiting the country through unilateral measures.

Jung Chang-hyun, a North Korea expert who heads a modern history research institute, said the Pyongyang regime was probably trying to make up its loss of foreign revenue by designing new tour packages for outside visitors. 

The North always had a penchant for inviting foreigners and making them spend cash, Jung pointed out, but recent North Korean tourism trends seem to show the country is more open than ever. Visitors can see places that were mostly off-limits in the past to keep North Koreans from meeting foreigners.

According to Lupine Travel, day one of the four-day golf tour package includes a train ride from Sinuiju, in North Pyongan Province, to Pyongyang, which provides a ¡°great chance to interact with locals on the train and in the restaurant car.¡± 

On the third day, tourists will have the option of visiting the Rungna People¡¯s Pleasure Ground, an amusement park in Pyongyang, or spending the night at a Pyongyang bar. 

A separate website for the DPRK Amateur Golf Open describes the Pyongyang Golf Complex as an 18 hole, par 72 course that covers 120 hectares (297 acres) and is the only golf course in North Korea.

On a separate note, the North is also receiving foreign applicants for 10-day and month-long North Korean language courses at its Kim Chol Ju University of Education in Pyongyang and a university in Chongjin, North Hamgyong Province. 

The 10-day course costs about $1,696, while the month-long course costs $2,721. 

North Korean education programs are also exempt from international sanctions.

Local pundits say it¡¯s rare for North Korea to offer language courses to ordinary foreigners, though in the past, the regime has offered language programs for diplomats and students from ally countries such as China and Russia.

Former Supreme Court justice is subpoenaed 
Prosecutors broke precedence by summoning a former judge on the country¡¯s highest court to question him on allegations that the Supreme Court deliberately shelved a damages suit by Koreans forced into labor during Japanese colonial times to curry favor with the previous administration.

The subpoena was issued amid new revelations Thursday that former President Park Geun-hye directly interfered in the trial. 

Former Supreme Court Judge Park Byoung-dae was asked to show up at the Supreme Prosecutors¡¯ Office in southern Seoul next Monday. Prosecutors say they plan to bring in another former justice, Ko Young-han, by the end of this month. 

Park Byoung-dae, who also held the post of National Court Administration (NCA) chief from 2014 to 2016, is accused along with ex-Chief Justice Yang Sung-tae of colluding with the Park Geun-hye administration to delay and possible rule against Korean plaintiffs who sued Japanese companies for forcing them to work during World War II. 

This is the first time a former Supreme Court Justice has been formally summoned on accusations relating to power abuse within the highest ranks of the judiciary, which was allegedly orchestrated by Yang, who served most of his term under President Park Geun-hye from 2011 to 2017. 

Under Yang¡¯s watch, the country¡¯s highest court is accused of influencing important trials to curry favor with the Park administration, a violation of the constitutional principle of separation of powers. In return, Yang allegedly expected Park Geun-hye¡¯s help to establish a new appellate court to cut down on the Supreme Court¡¯s heavy workload.

The forced labor suit was perhaps the most significant case in which Yang, Park Byoung-dae and other justices are said to have intentionally delayed to ingratiate themselves with the former president who was later impeached and removed from office for abuse of power and corruption. She is now jailed. 

According to a written arraignment of Lim Jong-hun, a former deputy head of the NCA and a key figure in the case who was indicted on Thursday, Park Geun-hye ordered the Foreign Ministry in April or May 2016 to ¡°let its intentions be known to the Supreme Court within a month or two and finish all processes [related to the forced labor trial] by August,¡± because her administration was planning to set up a foundation with Japan to settle the so-called comfort women issue in June. 

Prosecutors believe that Park¡¯s preoccupation with settling historical disputes with Japan was influenced by a personal desire to defend her father¡¯s legacy as Korea¡¯s leader from 1961 to 1979. Under Park Chung Hee, Korea signed a treaty with Japan in 1965 that relinquished reparations for individuals in return for a lump-sum settlement.

That treaty was directly challenged by a handful of Koreans who sued Japanese companies for forcing them into labor during Japan¡¯s colonization of the Korean Peninsula in the early 20th century. Fearing a fallout in diplomatic relations with Japan, the Park government is believed to have asked the Supreme Court to postpone rulings on the matter as long as possible, during which nearly all of the original plaintiffs passed away. 

It took Park¡¯s impeachment and removal last year and a change in leadership in both the country¡¯s executive branch and judiciary for the Supreme Court to finally rule on the forced labor case. On Oct. 31, the court ordered Japan¡¯s Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal to compensate four Korean plaintiffs. 

The allegations about the forced labor suit was not the only accusation leveled against Yang¡¯s Supreme Court. The former chief justice reportedly also used politically sensitive trials as bargaining chips and kept a blacklist of judges based on their political leanings. 

With their investigation into Lim nearly complete and after questioning the former Supreme Court judges, prosecutors are likely to finally go after the prime target in the case - Yang Sung-tae himself. 

Moon, Pence sanguine on North 
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said Thursday that he was looking forward to discussing a second summit between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump with President Moon Jae-in, noting that progress had been made with North Korea over the past year. 

Pence¡¯s remark during a meeting with Moon in Singapore underscored that efforts are still underway to get Trump and Kim together again, possibly early next year.

¡°I look forward to discussing with you the plans for another summit between the president and Chairman Kim, and how we can work even more closely together in the days ahead to ensure peace and security can come at last to the Korean Peninsula,¡± Pence said in opening remarks at a meeting on the sidelines of Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean)-related summits. 

The former Indiana governor noted Trump remained ¡°hopeful¡± that his second meeting with Kim will ¡°lay the groundwork for achieving our long-term objective of denuclearization,¡± 

Pence said that he believed a series of diplomatic agreements with North Korea represented ¡°meaningful progress for achieving our objective of complete and verifiable irreversible denuclearization.¡±

Moon said it was a ¡°strong Korea-U.S. alliance¡± that made possible diplomatic breakthroughs on North Korea¡¯s denuclearization and brought the North to the negotiation table. 

Moon didn¡¯t forget to thank Trump, who sent Vice President Pence on his behalf to Singapore to attend the Asean meetings, saying ¡°his strong leadership and determination¡± brought about the current situation in respect to the North.

¡°What brought the North to the dialogue and led to the current situation owes to the strong Korea-U.S alliance,¡± said Moon. 

¡°I am always thankful to President Trump for his strong leadership and determination,¡± continued Moon.

¡°Also importantly, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un also expressed his gratitude (to President Trump), saying it wouldn¡¯t have been possible if it wasn¡¯t for him,¡± Moon emphasized. 

In response, Pence said he was ¡°grateful for your generous comments about the president¡¯s leadership.¡± 

On a second Kim-Trump summit, Moon said, ¡°If the second North-U.S. summit is realized, I expect there will be significant progress for the peace process and the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.¡± 

Moon drew on the fact that Pence¡¯s father, Edward Pence, was a Korean War veteran in emphasizing the bilateral alliance. ¡°I feel reassured to have Vice President Pence join in our journey [toward the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula], who has a deep connection with Korea just like his father,¡± he said. 

¡°The Korea-U.S. alliance is the bedrock of our diplomatic policy and will continue to stand strong in the future as well,¡± Moon stressed. 

Citing progress achieved with North Korea over the past year, Pence said, ¡°No more missiles being fired, no more nuclear tests and our hostages have come home.¡± 

He also noted it was ¡°my great honor to be in Hawaii when the remains of the fallen services members began to return to American soil.¡± 

Progress with the North gave ¡°great hope in the days ahead,¡± Pence remarked, and said they would ¡°see even more material steps¡± by Pyongyang to achieve the ¡°shared objective¡± of the complete denuclearization of the peninsula.

Both Moon and Pence were accompanied by their corresponding senior government officials. This included Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha and Moon¡¯s national security adviser Chung Eui-yong for the Korean side. The U.S. side included John Bolton, national security adviser for Trump, and Keith Kellogg, Pence¡¯s national security advisor, both of who were among those who joined the 34-minute meeting. 

The two, however, didn¡¯t discuss possible sanctions relief for North Korea, according to the Blue House.

Wrapping up the first leg of a six-day overseas trip, Moon will fly to the island nation of Papua New Guinea Friday to attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit on Saturday and Sunday. Moon will have a summit with President Xi Jinping of China on the sidelines of the APEC summit. 

Conservatives shut down vote on key economy bills 
The National Assembly failed Thursday to hold a plenary meeting to handle economic bills as two conservative parties boycotted the session amid deepening partisan bickering.

The meeting was scheduled for 2 p.m., but the quorum necessary to pass 90 pending bills was not met. The main opposition Liberty Korea Party (LKP) and the minor opposition Bareunmirae Party (BP) boycotted the session. The parties complained about President Moon Jae-in for his recent appointment of the environment minister without parliamentary consent.

¡°It is regrettable that it will be hard to open the plenary session today,¡± National Assembly Speaker Moon Hee-sang said on the floor. ¡°The National Assembly does not fulfill its responsibility if it does not handle urgent bills linked to people¡¯s lives and neglects its duty.¡±

The LKP and BP control a combined 142 seats in the 299-member parliament. The passage of bills requires the attendance of a majority of current lawmakers and majority approval. The quorum for the votes was not met on Thursday.

Their boycotting of parliamentary schedules will likely delay the National Assembly¡¯s review of the government¡¯s 2019 budget proposal and passage of key bills on the economy.

The two parties called on Moon on Tuesday to sack his senior aide for civil affairs for failing to properly vet the minister before his nomination.

They also urged the ruling Democratic Party (DP) to accept a parliamentary probe into an allegation that the Seoul subway operator gave unfair job favors to its employees. The parties vowed not to cooperate with the DP if their two requests are rejected.

Earlier in the day, the floor leaders of the rival parties held a closed-door meeting to break the current stalemate, but they failed to reach a compromise. The DP denounced the two parties for scuttling the session at a time when parliament should be doing its part to help prop up the slowing economy.

¡°It is not understandable that they boycotted the meeting while making an unreasonable demand,¡± Hong Young-pyo, the DP¡¯s floor leader, said.

Kim Kwan-young, the BP¡¯s floor leader, claimed that negotiations broke down as the ruling party kept mum toward their demand for a probe into the hiring scandal. Meanwhile, a sub-panel of the public administration committee is expected to deliberate on a bill aimed at toughening punishment for drunk driving Tuesday.

Rival parties earlier agreed to swiftly handle the legislation, which calls for heavier penalties for drunk drivers and stricter standards of blood alcohol level. It has been pending at parliament since October.

The bill is called the Yoon Chang-ho act, named after a 22-year-old soldier who died last week after he was struck by a drunk driver in the southern port city of Busan in September.

Latvia and Korea enter a new era as diplomatic partners 
As he celebrates 100 years since the proclamation of the Republic of Latvia, Latvian Ambassador to Korea Peteris Vaivars emphasized the role that public diplomacy can play to bring the Baltic country closer to Korea.

¡°Without successful public diplomacy, it is impossible to build any trade or business relations,¡± he told the Korea JoongAng Daily. ¡°Especially for countries with limited human resources, we need to focus on how to build friendly and mutually beneficial relations. To do that, we have to first bring together the people. When more Latvians know Koreans and Koreans know Latvians, it brings out positive emotions and that transfers onto trade, business and other relations.¡±

Latvia is celebrating its 100th birthday this year. This summer, it held its famous nationwide song and dance festival, which featured as many as 20,000 people singing together at once.

¡°The song and dance festival is held once every five years in Latvia, and it is a Unesco intangible heritage,¡± Vaivars said. ¡°We have 20,000 singers and 20,000 dancers participating in gala concerts. The next event will be in 2023, and that will be the 150th anniversary of this tradition.¡± 

The Latvian Embassy in Seoul is bringing the famous tradition of Latvia to Korea this week by hosting performances by the country¡¯s Emils Darzins Mixed Choir throughout the country, including at Pyeongtaek University in Gyeonggi; the National Museum of Korea, Spazio Luce Concert Hall and the Shinchon Evangelical Holiness Church in western Seoul. 

¡°I hope hundreds of Koreans will come and see the performances and think about making a trip to Latvia,¡± he said.

The top envoy is the first Latvian ambassador to Korea, as the Latvian Embassy in Seoul opened in late 2015. Korea opened its embassy in Riga, the capital city of Latvia, in 2013.

¡°When I arrived in Korea years ago, I visited major libraries here to get a feeling of what was available on Latvia - and almost nothing was available,¡± he said. ¡°Since then we have been very focused on educational exchanges between the two countries. We have scholarships for Latvian students in Korea and Korean students in Latvia and we¡¯ve recently made some progress on bringing a course on the Latvian language to Korea.¡±

Hankuk University of Foreign Studies started providing a course on the Latvian language and another on Baltic regional studies this spring. 

¡°The Latvian Ministry of Education signed an agreement with Hankuk University of Foreign Studies recently on cooperating and building more materials on Latvia at the university,¡± he said. ¡°They include books, teaching materials, as well as professors and teachers.¡±

The Latvian Embassy in Seoul also intends to publish a Korean edition of ¡°Latvia 100 Snapshot Stories,¡± a book from the Latvia Institute, in the near future.

The PyeongChang Olympics in Korea were another venue where various countries could practice public diplomacy, Vaivars added.

Latvian President Raimonds Vejonis visited Korea during the Olympics and met with President Moon Jae-in. The two discussed cooperation on trade and investment as well as regional security. Vejonis was the first Latvian president to visit Korea since the two nations established diplomatic relations in 1991.

The two leaders spoke of establishing an economic council involving the three Baltic States - Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia - and Korea.

¡°Latvia is currently one of the major suppliers to Korean shipbuilding industry,¡± he said. ¡°Samsung and Hyundai Heavy Industries use Latvian plywood as an insulation material for LNG tankers.¡±

For future cooperation on the business front, the top envoy said he is hoping that the first direct flight between Seoul and Riga will begin in the near future. 

Missiles ¡®Fake News,¡¯ says Trump 
Pyongyang has continued its nuclear and missile activities even after North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump met in Singapore on June 12, according to the National Intelligence Service (NIS) Wednesday. 

Seoul¡¯s top spy agency briefed lawmakers during a close-door meeting of the National Assembly¡¯s Intelligence Committee following reports Monday that North Korea continues to operate undeclared missile bases in the midst of denuclearization negotiations with the United States. 

¡°It is presumed that nuclear and missile activities have continued even after the North-U.S. summit,¡± Kim Sang-gyun, the second vice director of the NIS, was quoted as saying by lawmakers who attended the meeting. Kim added that this encompasses ¡°continued development of its nuclear program including the miniaturization of nuclear warheads even now.¡±

However, an NIS official said ¡°there have been no signs of any testing¡± of its nuclear weapons. 

The Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies¡¯ (CSIS) Beyond Parallel group released a report Monday revealing at least 13 of an estimated 20 undeclared missile operating bases inside North Korea. In a follow-up report, it identified Sakkanmol in North Hwanghae Province as one such base located near the demilitarized zone (DMZ) for short-range ballistic missiles (SRBM) such as Hwasong-5 and Hwasong-6 missiles, also known as Scuds. 

The NIS confirmed that it was ¡°already aware¡± of the operation of the Sakkanmol missile base and that ¡°a regular level of activity continues there.¡± 

The NIS monitors other missile bases as well, according to the NIS. Thus, South Korea and the United States are sharing information and ¡°jointly closely monitoring facilities and activities related to North Korea¡¯s nuclear and missile programs.¡±

The NIS said it could not explain in further detail intelligence gained through South Korea-U.S. coordination.

One National Assembly Intelligence Committee member said after the meeting, ¡°The short- and mid-range missiles deployed to Sakkanmol, such as Scuds and Rodongs, are not strategic assets like intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM), thus are a separate issue from the North-U.S. denuclearization issue.¡± The NIS already has been tracking the Sakkanmol base and is said to have strategies to respond to shorter-range missiles, the official added. 

Another member pointed out, ¡°It seems to be a U.S. State Department negotiation strategy to push its position that its ballistic missile program is included in Kim Jong-un¡¯s [denuclearization] promises.¡± 

Short- and mid-range missiles are not seen to pose a serious threat to the United States, and ¡°there is not a high likelihood that North Korea will be asked to scrap them,¡± according to this lawmaker. 

Trump brushed off the report of North Korea¡¯s undisclosed missiles bases as ¡°nothing new¡± and ¡°more Fake News¡± over Twitter Tuesday. 

The New York Times reported Monday that North Korea is moving ahead with its ballistic missile program at 16 hidden bases, identified in new commercial satellite images, and ¡°has been engaged in a great deception.¡± 

Trump responded: ¡°The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal.¡± 

Trump added, ¡°I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!¡±

Kim Eui-kyeom, the Blue House spokesman, on Tuesday downplayed the report of undeclared missile bases as old information and also rejected the notion that Pyongyang had been engaged in ¡°deception.¡± He added that North Korea has never ¡°promised¡± to scrap its ballistic missile program under any agreement. 

But opposition party lawmakers were quick to say that Blue House spokesman Kim seemed like a mouthpiece for the North Korean government. 

¡°How would the Blue House spokesman know if there was some agreement or promise - is he North Korea¡¯s spokesman?¡± Yoon Young-seok, the main opposition Liberty Korea Party (LKP) spokesman, said Tuesday. ¡°North Korean denuclearization includes the complete dismantlement of its nuclear weapons, materials and facilities, including its missiles and delivery systems, so it is not acceptable that the Blue House is protecting its missiles.¡± 

Ruling Democratic Party lawmakers were dismissive of the report and concerns that it could derail the denuclearization negotiations. 

¡°The controversy is over inaccurate content, and the photographs released by the CSIS are commercial satellite imagery,¡± said Hong Young-pyo, floor leader of the ruling Democratic Party, during a party supreme council meeting Wednesday. ¡°There is nothing new, and no need for unnecessary overreaction over one image, as if North Korea is backtracking on the denuclearization and operating a new base.¡± 

But Hong said that this was ¡°an opportunity to feel the need for North-U.S. and inter-Korean dialogue¡± and that ¡°it becomes clear for a need to resume North-U.S. denuclearization negotiations at an early date and build trust to seal a final deal.¡±

Leon Sigal, director of the Northeast Asia Cooperative Security Project at the Social Science Research Council and a former special assistant to the director of the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, wrote an opinion piece for the 38 North website calling the New York Times article ¡°misleading.¡±

He wrote, ¡°The United States and North Korea have yet to conclude an agreement that inhibits deployment of missiles by Pyongyang, never mind requiring their dismantlement.¡±

Sigal pointed out that negotiating a halt to the deployment and production of ICBMs and intermediate-range ballistic missiles ¡°is much more urgent than addressing short-range missiles, which might remain in place as long as they are not nuclear-armed but are part of the North¡¯s conventional deterrent.¡±

However, Heather Nauert, spokesperson of the U.S. State Department, in a briefing Tuesday highlighted that ¡°ballistic missiles continue to be a threat from North Korea,¡± as recognized in UN Security Council resolutions and by ¡°many other governments.¡± 

Despite this, Nauert said, ¡°We have come an awfully long way since last summer, when ballistic missiles were being launched.¡± 

She said, ¡°We see that as progress,¡± though ¡°a lot of people like to pooh-pooh that idea.¡± But she acknowledged ¡°there is work that¡¯s left to be done.¡±

Trump ¡°talked about a possible upcoming meeting early next year with Chairman Kim,¡± said Nauert, adding, ¡°we continue to stay in contact with the North Koreans.¡± 

High-level talks between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and senior North Korean official Kim Yong-chol scheduled for last week in New York were abruptly canceled and postponed to an unconfirmed later date. That meeting could have discussed a date and venue for a second Kim-Trump summit. 

However, John Bolton, the U.S. national security adviser, who is in Singapore for a series of Association of Southeast Asian Nations-related meetings, confirmed Tuesday that Trump remains prepared to hold a second summit with Kim Jong-un. 

U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said in Tokyo Tuesday, ¡°President Trump believes his relationship with Chairman Kim is good¡± and that ¡°good progress¡± has been made on the agreements reached during their first summit in Singapore but that ¡°more work remains.¡± 

Standing with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at a joint press conference, Pence continued, ¡°As we speak, another summit is being arranged, but the president has made it clear that the time for implementing the agreement is not a driving factor.¡± 

Delegation from North attends event in Gyeonggi 
A North Korean delegation arrived at Incheon International Airport on Wednesday night to attend a peace forum in Goyang, Gyeonggi, which was the first time since the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in February that a high-level official from Pyongyang stepped onto South Korean soil aside from the truce village of Panmunjom.

Seven North Koreans were invited by the Gyeonggi provincial government office and the Asia-Pacific Exchange Association (APEA), a Seoul-based pro-unification civic group, to participate in the forum, which kicks off in Goyang Friday.

The forum, co-hosted by the Gyeonggi government and APEA, will discuss Japan¡¯s conscription of Korean laborers in the early 20th century during colonial rule as well as peace and prosperity in the Asia Pacific region in the 21st century. 

The North Korean group arrived at Incheon airport around 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday. Just hours before their arrival, the North informed Gyeonggi officials that two delegates wouldn¡¯t be arriving due to ¡°circumstances,¡± according to a Gyeonggi spokesman, who said no further explanation was given. 

Among the two dropped from the delegation was Kim Song-hye, a director of the Korean Asia-Pacific Peace Committee (Kappc), who has a history of planning top North Korean officials¡¯ visits abroad. Local media had speculated she might be coming to the South to lay the groundwork for a visit to Seoul by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. Kim agreed to visit the South Korean capital when he met South Korean President Moon Jae-in in late September for their third summit, but a specific date has yet to be fixed. 

The Gyeonggi spokesman said he was told by the North that the remaining five would arrive at Incheon airport as initially planned.

The North Korean delegation was scheduled to stay at The MVL Hotel Goyang, where the forum will be held, throughout the week and return home Saturday morning. 

Police officers have been dispatched around the hotel to stave off potential conservative protesters rallying against the North Koreans¡¯ visit. 

The Gyeonggi government has so far kept tight-lipped about the invitees¡¯ schedule, saying Wednesday that related discussions with the North were still ongoing. 

South Korea¡¯s Unification Ministry, which handles relations with the North and gave the final approval for the North Koreans¡¯ visit to Goyang, said the delegation included Ri Jong-hyok, vice chairman of the Kappc. The Kappc is a group affiliated with the United Front Department under the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, which is deeply involved in cross-border projects. 

The Gyeonggi spokesman said the North Korean visitors will probably look around key facilities in the province today, including the Gyeonggi-do Agricultural Research & Extension Services in Hwaseong, Gyeonggi, a research institute that studies and develops new farming technologies. The group may have lunch and dinner with Gyeonggi Gov. Lee Jae-myung and Rep. Lee Hae-chan, chairman of the ruling Democratic Party, according to the spokesman. 

Keynote speakers at the Goyang forum on Friday are expected to be former Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama, who¡¯s known for his pro-Korean views, and former Unification Minister Jeong Se-hyun.

Moon discusses North with Asean 
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Wednesday he will ¡°seriously consider¡± inviting North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for next year¡¯s special Korea-Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) summit, which he will host. 

President Joko Widodo of Indonesia suggested Moon invite Kim to the commemorative summit next year during Wednesday¡¯s Korea-Asean summit in Singapore, in which Moon and heads of 10 Asean member states met. 

¡°President Joko Widodo assessed that if North Korean leader Kim would participate in the special summit, it would enhance the significance of the meeting and expressed his hope that such a prospect could be realized,¡± Kim Eui-kyeom, spokesman for the Blue House, told reporters. 

¡°That is a meaningful suggestion. I will seriously consider [the invitation] amid an atmosphere of pursuing peace on the Korean Peninsula. To that end, I will closely coordinate with Asean member states to realize it,¡± Moon was quoted as saying. 

That new possibility came as questions have grown over whether Kim can make a visit to Seoul by the end of this year as agreed upon during the Pyongyang summit between Moon and Kim Jong-un two months ago. 

Next year¡¯s commemorative summit hosted by Korea will be the third of its kind. The first such special summit was held in 2009 on Jeju Island, followed by another in Busan in 2014. 

Aside from the third Korea-Asean special summit, Moon will also play host the inaugural Korea-Mekong summit, which will involve Moon and leaders of countries located along the world¡¯s 12th longest river. Laos, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar and Cambodia will participate in the inaugural summit next year, likely to be held in Seoul. 

On the economic front, Moon said in his opening remarks that he aimed to dramatically increase Korea¡¯s trade with Asean member states by 2020. 

¡°Korea will work more closely with Asean to achieve the goals of increasing bilateral trade to $200 billion,¡± he said, ¡°and the number of people traveling back and forth to 15 million by 2020.¡± 

Deepening economic ties with Southeast Asia is one of Moon¡¯s signature economic initiatives, which he calls his New Southern Policy, first described by Moon during a visit to Indonesia last November for the 19th Korea-Asean summit. Its aim is to reduce Korea¡¯s economic dependence on the United States and China.

While setting a goal of reaching $200 billion in annual trade in the next three years, Moon pointed out that ¡°trade between Korea and Asean up to September this year increased six percent year on year to reach $120 billion.¡±

The number of people going back and forth between Korea and the region also increased by 17 percent year on year to surpass eight million, the president said. 

¡°Asean members and Korea have similar historical experiences,¡± he said. ¡°They [Asean] have prevailed over colonial-era authoritarianism and achieved astounding growth. I feel a special sense of camaraderie.¡± 

On the sidelines of the Korea-Asean summit, Moon had a summit with Brunei¡¯s sultan Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith of Laos and discussed ways to bolster economic ties. 

Moon also had a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin with a focus on making progress in North Korean denuclearization. It was the fourth summit between the two and the first since June when the two met in Moscow.

Moon will have a meeting with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, who is attending the Asean summit in place of U.S. President Donald Trump Thursday morning. Moon will stay in Singapore, the first leg of a six-day overseas trip, until Friday to attend the 21st Asean Plus Three summit (which includes Korea, Japan and China) and the 13th East Asia Summit. He then flies to the island nation of Papua New Guinea to attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit on Saturday and Sunday. Moon will have a summit with President Xi Jinping of China on the sidelines of the APEC summit. 

CSIS discloses North¡¯s covert missile bases 
A U.S. think tank said Monday it has identified at least 13 of an estimated 20 undeclared missile bases inside North Korea, a claim that could undermine denuclearization negotiations between Pyongyang and Washington.

Seoul¡¯s Blue House downplayed the findings as old information and rejected the notion that Pyongyang has engaged in deceptive practices, saying that North Korea has never pledged to scrap its ballistic missile program. 

Beyond Parallel, a group specializing in Korean unification issues at the Washington-based think tank Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), released a report Monday that described these missile operating bases, undisclosed by the North Korean government, as being capable of launching short-range ballistic missiles (SRBM) to intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM). 

Such sites, it continued, ¡°would presumably have to be subject to declaration, verification, and dismantlement in any final and fully verifiable denuclearization deal.¡± 

The report described the missile bases as being rudimentary in terms of facilities and dispersed throughout the country, mostly located in narrow mountain valleys. Their dispersed deployment and distinctive features, according to the report, ¡°are combined with decades of extensive camouflage, concealment and deception practices to maximize the survival of its missile units from pre-emptive strikes and during wartime operations.¡±

Sakkanmol, located in the Tactical Belt in North Hwanghae Province, is one such undeclared operational missile base for SRBMs, but it is also able to accommodate medium-range ballistic missiles, according to a follow-up report by Beyond Parallel. It is located just 85 kilometers (52 miles) north of the demilitarized zone (DMZ) and 135 kilometers from Seoul. 

The report describes three ballistic missile belt layers based on their deployment pattern and distance from the DMZ. The Tactical Belt is located closest to the inter-Korean border and equipped with shorter-range capabilities, followed by the Operational Belt in the center of the country and the Strategic Belt at the northern end. 

The Operation Belt, located 90 to 150 kilometers north of the DMZ, is reportedly equipped with Rodong and other mid-range missiles that cover all of South Korea and Japan, while the Strategic Belt, the furthest from the DMZ, is likely home to the North¡¯s ICBMs. 

The Sakkanmol site, also known as Togol, is a forward Hwasong-5 and Hwasong-6 missile operating base under the Strategic Force of the North Korean People¡¯s Army, responsible for all ballistic missile units, the report added. Its construction dates back to the early 1990s, and the report added that based on satellite imagery, as of November, ¡°the base is active and being reasonably well-maintained by North Korean standards.¡±

North Korea¡¯s decommissioning of the Sohae satellite launch facility, also known as the Tongchang-ri site, in Cholsan County, North Pyongan Province, according to the report, ¡°obscures the military threat to U.S. forces and South Korea from this and other undeclared ballistic missile bases.¡±

In the inter-Korean Pyongyang Declaration signed on Sept. 19, North Korea agreed to ¡°permanently dismantle¡± the Tongchang-ri missile engine test site and launch platform ¡°under the observation of experts from relevant countries.¡± The North further said it is willing to ¡°take additional measures,¡± including the permanent dismantlement of nuclear facilities in its key Yongbyon complex, if the United States takes ¡°corresponding measures¡± in the spirit of the June 12 North-U.S. joint statement signed by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump in Singapore. 

Beyond Parallel is headed by Victor Cha, Korea chair at the CSIS and a former White House National Security Council official, who is one of the co-authors of the reports, along with North Korea analysts Joseph Bermudez and Lisa Collins. The report cited open-source information and commercial satellite imagery, as well as interviews with North Korean defectors and government, defense and intelligence officials.

The New York Times on Monday published an article suggesting that North Korea ¡°has been engaged in a great deception,¡± offering to dismantle its major missile launching site while continuing to make improvements at more than a dozen others ¡°that would bolster launches of conventional and nuclear warheads.¡±

NBC News reported Tuesday, citing U.S. officials briefed on recent intelligence, that North Korea has continued its ballistic missile program at a number of its military bases. However, one official was quoted as saying, ¡°It¡¯s significant that they have not tested one in nearly a year¡± and that diplomats need to be given the ¡°time and space to work.¡±

While the revelation of these undisclosed facilities could be a possible setback to the denuclearization negotiations between the United States and North Korea, the Blue House underscored that the U.S. and South Korean intelligence authorities already have information on the facilities, and in much greater detail. 

¡°The CSIS report sites commercial satellite imagery, whereas the South Korean and U.S. authorities already have far more detailed information from military satellites and are closely monitoring it,¡± said Kim Eui-kyeom, the Blue House spokesman, Tuesday in a briefing in Seoul. ¡°There is nothing new there.¡±

He added that the Sakkanmol site is for shorter-range missiles, such as the Scud and Rodong, and ¡°unrelated to ICBMs and intermediate-range ballistic missiles.¡±

Kim rejected the idea that North Korea not disclosing these missile sites can be considered deceptive, as being reported by some U.S. media outlets. 

¡°North Korea has never promised to scrap such short-range missiles or missile bases,¡± said Kim. ¡°North Korea has not been deceptive. Deception is not the appropriate terminology.¡± 

North Korea also is not obligated to declare such missile bases, according to Kim, since ¡°such an agreement or treaty does not currently exist.¡±

Kim continued, ¡°The existence of such a missile site in itself shows the need for talks with North Korea at an early date,¡± which could include discussions on disclosures of the North¡¯s nuclear stockpile and related facilities. ¡°This further shows the need for North Korea and the United States to negotiate and engage in dialogue in order to alleviate North Korea¡¯s threat,¡± he continued. 

In the June 12 North-U.S. joint statement, Kim Jong-un committed to the ¡°complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.¡± The text does not make direct mention of the North¡¯s ballistic missiles program. Trump said during a press conference the same day that leader Kim committed to destroy a major missile engine testing site, something not in their joint statement. 

However, the U.S. State Department said through a spokesperson¡¯s statement Monday, ¡°President Trump has made clear that should Chairman Kim follow through on his commitments, including complete denuclearization and the elimination of ballistic missile programs, a much brighter future lies ahead for North Korea and its people.¡±

The State Department remark explicitly mentioned the elimination of the North¡¯s ballistic missile program, unlike the Blue House spokesman, who separated the issue of the missile program from the nuclear program. 

Despite reports of the undeclared missile sites in North Korea, John Bolton, the U.S. national security adviser, said that Trump remains prepared to hold a second summit with Kim Jong-un, Reuters reported Tuesday. 

Unification minister goes stateside to talk peace 
South Korea¡¯s unification minister left for the United States on Tuesday for a five-day visit amid speculation over a possible split between the two allies on how to achieve North Korea¡¯s denuclearization.

Minister Cho Myoung-gyon is likely to meet Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, as well as other officials and experts, to discuss the North¡¯s denuclearization and inter-Korean relations, the ministry said.

¡°This is a meaningful trip that comes at a very important time,¡± Cho told reporters before boarding a plane bound for the United States at Incheon International Airport, west of Seoul.

¡°In Washington and New York, I will meet government and parliamentary officials, and many other experts to discuss the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and the establishment of peace,¡± he added.

His trip comes amid apparent friction between the allies over how to enforce global sanctions imposed on North Korea amid stalling denuclearization talks.

South Korea has been eager to expand cross-border exchanges, which have been blocked by sanctions on Pyongyang. The United States has said that sanctions will remain in place until the North completely gives up on its nuclear weapons program. Joint projects between South and North Korea, such as railway and road connections over their border, are facing apparent opposition from the United States.

On Monday, the two Koreas held a meeting but failed to produce dates for joint surveys of their roads that are needed to properly connect them as agreed upon in a summit in April.

Cho will likely emphasize Seoul¡¯s argument that improving inter-Korean relations could benefit the denuclearization process and ask the United States to cooperate in easing sanctions on key cross-border projects.

During his five-day stay, Cho is also expected to meet Rep. Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and visit the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).

Opposition wants scalp of Moon¡¯s top aide 
On Tuesday, conservative parties made a joint call for President Moon Jae-in to dismiss his top aide for civil affairs and for the ruling Democratic Party (DP) to accept a parliamentary probe into a hiring scandal.

The main opposition Liberty Korea Party (LKP) and the minor opposition Bareunmirae Party (BP) also warned that if their requests are rejected, they will not cooperate with the DP during the ongoing parliamentary session.

The move is likely to dampen efforts for multi-party cooperation at a time when Moon and the floor leaders of the ruling and four opposition parties held their first meeting of a joint consultative body on Nov. 5.

The LKP and the BP denounced Moon for moving ahead with the appointment of the environment minister without winning parliamentary consent.

In a related move, they called for the sacking of Cho Kuk, the senior presidential secretary for civil affairs, for failing to properly vet the environment minister before his nomination.

The parties also called on the DP to accept their request for a parliamentary investigation into allegations that the Seoul subway operator under the city government gave unfair job favors to relatives of its employees.

Kim Sung-tae, the floor leader of the LKP, and Kim Kwan-young of the BP, urged the president and the DP to make an apology and take responsible actions for joint governance.

¡°In this situation, efforts for joint governance cannot move forward,¡± they told a press briefing. ¡°We warn that if the opposition parties¡¯ minimal demands are rejected, it would be difficult to anticipate normal parliamentary operations,¡± they added. 

The DP slammed the two parties for what it called irresponsible moves and urged them to join efforts toward joint governance.

The LKP and the BP¡¯s potential boycotting of parliamentary schedules could delay the National Assembly¡¯s review of the government¡¯s 2019 budget proposal and its passage of key bills on the economy. Parliament is in an intense review of the government¡¯s record 470.5 trillion won ($415.9 billion) budget proposal, with the legally-set deadline for handling of the bill falling on Dec. 2. Rival parties clashed over how to form a parliamentary sub-panel designed to adjust the budget.

Moon clears schedule to prepare for Asia trip 
President Moon Jae-in cleared his schedule on Monday to prepare for a six-day overseas trip to Asian nations starting Tuesday during which he will continue championing his peace initiative aimed at inducing North Korea to completely denuclearize. 

Monday is when Moon usually presides over a weekly senior secretariat meeting during which he delivers an opening speech to comment on a variety of national and diplomatic affairs. 

But Moon did have his weekly luncheon with Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon, a meeting that many see as a sign of growing trust Lee has from the president. Recent polls put Lee ahead of other ruling party lawmakers as a potential presidential nominee for the ruling Democratic Party in the 2022 election. 

Speculation that Lee enjoys high trust from the president has grown recently, especially after Moon named Hong Nam-ki, who held the position of chief of the Office for Government Policy Coordination under the Prime Minister¡¯s Office, and Kim Su-hyun, senior presidential secretary for social affairs, to replace Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon and chief policy maker Jang Ha-sung on Friday. 

The fact Moon appointed Hong, who worked under Lee until the appointment, as finance minister has fueled speculation that Lee¡¯s stature within the administration is growing. 

Lee, a former journalist, impressed the public with his calm demeanor when grilled by opposition lawmakers during parliamentary interpellation sessions in which cabinet members have to answer questions from lawmakers on the Assembly floor. 

Some video clips of Lee answering critical questions in an eloquent manner have gone viral online. 

In a poll by Realmeter last month of 2,506 adults nationwide, Lee was the most favored presidential contender from the liberal field, which encompasses the ruling Democratic Party and minor opposition Justice Party for the 2022 election. 

In the poll, conducted from Oct. 29 through Nov. 2, Lee received an 18.9 percent approval rating, followed by Gyeonggi Gov. Lee Jae-myung with 11.3 percent. 

On his six-day overseas trip starting Tuesday, Moon will be in Singapore from Tuesday through Friday to attend the 20th Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean)-Korea summit, the 21st Asean Plus Three summit (which includes Korea, Japan and China) and the 13th East Asia Summit. Moon will attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Papua New Guinea on Saturday and Sunday.

On the sidelines of the meetings, Moon will have a summit with President Vladimir Putin of Russia and Prime Minister Scott Morrison of Australia. The Blue House also said it is coordinating with the United States to arrange a meeting with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence in Singapore.

Pence will be attending the Asean summit in place of U.S. President Donald Trump. Seoul and Beijing are also discussing a possible summit meeting between Moon and Chinese President Xi Jinping during the APEC summit in the island nation. 

One foreign leader Moon is unlikely to have a summit with is Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan due to the strain in bilateral relations caused by the Korean Supreme Court¡¯s order that Japanese companies compensate workers conscripted during the colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula from 1910 through 1945. 

A senior Blue House official told reporters last week on the condition of anonymity that it was ¡°rather difficult¡± to arrange a summit between Moon and Abe at this time and expressed regret over Tokyo¡¯s criticisms of the South Korean government for the court ruling. 

The court ruling, delivered on Oct. 30, ordered Japan¡¯s Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal to pay 100 million won ($87,845) in compensation to each of four Korean victims of forced labor during Japanese colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula, which ran for 35 years from 1910. 

The ruling drew immediate backlash from Japan, which claims all compensations issues in relation to its 35-year colonial rule were settled with the 1965 Korea-Japan Claims Agreement. 

Since the ruling, Japanese officials have not shied away from expressing disgruntlement, with Abe calling it ¡°not acceptable according to international law.¡± 

The senior Blue House official said last week Japanese politicians ¡°were not helping to resolve the situation.¡± 

President on diplomatic high wire this week 
A series of regional diplomatic summits kicks off this week in Singapore and Papua New Guinea, but South Korea faces a predicament with its North Korea peace overtures, which puts it at odds with the United States over sanctions, while relations with Japan are cooling over historical issues. 

South Korean President Moon Jae-in will make a four-day visit to Singapore from today for a series of Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) meetings - including the Asean Plus Three summit (includes China, South Korea and Japan) and the East Asia Summit. He will then head to Papua New Guinea Saturday and Sunday for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit.

On Monday, Moon reviewed with key aides at the Blue House his agenda for the summits and bilateral talks on the sidelines. 

Moon will focus on strengthening his New Southern Policy aimed at deepening diplomatic and economic ties with South and Southeast Asian countries, and earn their support for the Korean Peninsula peace process. 

However, there may be differences in Seoul¡¯s message about Pyongyang compared to that of Washington and Tokyo, which are against any sanctions relief for the North. This could dampen trilateral coordination among the three allies to pressure the North to denuclearize. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will attend the series of Asean-related meetings and APEC summit instead of U.S. President Donald Trump. His trip to the region will take him to Japan, Singapore, Papa New Guinea and Australia. 

¡°I think President Trump and I remain convinced that President Moon and [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe] and the U.S. are going to work together to ensure the complete and verifiable denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula,¡± Pence said at a base in Anchorage, Alaska, Sunday before heading to Asia. ¡°We¡¯ll continue to stand in solidarity with those nations.¡±

Pence has said he will carry a message of ¡°unprecedented diplomatic and economic pressure¡± on the North during this Asia visit and push for the final, fully verified denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.

Pence is scheduled to have talks with Abe Tuesday, and they will hold a joint press conference afterward. This could be an indicator of close cooperation between Tokyo and Washington and an opportunity to coordinate on North Korea denuclearization before they head to the Asean meetings. Pence will not make a stop in Seoul.

¡°There are already differences in views between South Korea and the United States over sanctions relief and various inter-Korean projects such as the linking of the roads and railways,¡± a former Korean diplomat said. ¡°Asean countries have a relatively amicable disposition toward the North, but should Vice President Pence call for thorough implementation of sanctions while President Moon, as during his Europe visit, emphasizes the need to ease sanctions, there is concern that Seoul and Washington will show they are not on the same page.¡±

Seoul and Tokyo are also in a renewed diplomatic standoff after the Korean Supreme Court ordered a Japanese steel company to compensate Korean victims of forced labor during Japan¡¯s colonial rule of the peninsula. 

Shin Kak-soo, a former South Korean ambassador to Japan, said, ¡°In a situation where North Korea and the United States are unable to seal a denuclearization deal and continue to apply pressure on each other, Seoul has to take part in such pressure to continue the drive and be helpful. South Korea, the United States and Japan have to be on the same side, and China and Russia also have to be drawn in to make a five-to-one structure and build the possibility of pressuring the North.¡±

This comes as Pyongyang has been pressuring Seoul to speak up on sanctions relief to Washington. 

German law experts parse differences in Korea¡¯s judiciary 
An investigation into power abuse at the highest levels of the judiciary has stalled after a major suspect refuses to cooperate despite his arrest last month. 

Lim Jong-hun, the former deputy head of the National Court Administration, the Supreme Court of Korea¡¯s administrative affairs body, was arrested on Oct. 27 for allegedly helping former Chief Justice Yang Sung-tae abuse his power.

Yang, who served most of his term under former President Park Geun-hye from 2011 to 2017, stands accused of influencing decisions at the Supreme Court to curry favor with Park, a direct violation of the constitutional principle of the separation of power. He allegedly used politically sensitive trials as bargaining chips and kept a blacklist of judges based on their political leanings.

Yang was allegedly hoping Park would go along with a plan he had to set up a new court of appeals.

Lim has refused to answer questions by prosecutors, which has made it impossible for investigators to link him to the abuses by Yang. 

The scandal has raised questions about the structure of the judiciary itself that allowed such abuse to take place. Some analysts blame the hierarchical structure of the judiciary - the chief justice of the Supreme Court appoints all levels of judges - as well as a lack of checks and balances. 

Parties in the legislature, led by the ruling Democratic Party, are pushing the idea of a special court being established to try the case. Analysts have suggested that a regular criminal court would not be able to try a power abuse scandal in the judiciary precisely because it is beholden to the judicial hierarchy. But others say that would undermine the independence of the judiciary and jeopardize the rule of law in Korea as a whole.

Korea now faces a major dilemma with regards to one of its three branches of government: how to control and punish misdeeds within the judiciary while, at the same time, preserving its independence.

In the midst of this national debate, Korea University held a conference hosted by the university¡¯s Legal Research Institute and the Konrad Adenauer Foundation on the issue of judicial independence and democracy last week. 

Three judges from Germany sat on the panel with Korean academics and judges. They were Michael Hund, a former vice president of the Federal Administrative Court; Dr. Philipp Wittmann, a constitutional law researcher at the Federal Constitutional Court; and Lisa Jani, a judge in the Berlin Criminal Court.

The general verdict among the foreign observers was that while Korea and Germany shared many similarities in their systems, like democratic constitutions and observance of the rule of law, the German system rarely sees cases of judicial misconduct comparable to the recent scandal. Panel members discussed elements of the German system that serve to prevent judicial misconduct while ensuring the independence of the judiciary from executive or legislative interference. 

One of the primary elements cited was the existence of a law in Germany that outlaws distortions of the law, a law with a long history that serves as a pre-emptive barrier to power abuse by judges. The principle of judicial independence is also strongly enforced in Germany. Prosecutorial and judicial powers are also separate, and the establishment of any special courts outside the framework of the existing judiciary is forbidden.

The Korea JoongAng Daily interviewed the three German judges at Korea University last Wednesday about how judicial independence is enforced in their country and what lessons can be learned by Korea. 

Below are edited excerpts of the interview. 



Q. Can you tell us about how the judiciary operates in Germany and what intuitions are in place to ensure judicial independence?

A. LJ: In Germany it is important for judges to be independent from everything, which means they can¡¯t be influenced by parties, the president of the court, minister of justice, etcetera. We¡¯re bound by our constitution and we have to apply the law.

I used to be a state prosecutor, and there, it is different since prosecutors are bound to the decisions that their bosses and chiefs and the ministry gives but not to the orders of judges.

If there is heavy misconduct on purpose by a judge, you can be tried for twisting the law. Other judges try the case, but the state prosecution office sees if somebody needs to be indicted for twisting the law based on their criteria. But this only happens in cases where a judge has seriously distorted the law. But this has only happened twice in the last 20 years.



What are your views on the establishment of a special court to try misconduct within the judiciary, and would such a case be possible in Germany?

PW: The concept of judicial independence is quite complicated and it¡¯s impossible for us to comment on the Korean situation. But in Germany, according to its constitution, special courts may not be established, meaning misconduct by judges or anyone else must be tried in the normal system of courts. Establishing a court for special circumstances would mean taking influence away from normal judges and exerting influence on the result. 

I think establishing special courts from a purely German perspective would be very difficult or even unconstitutional. Misconduct by judges, if really severe, is dealt with in the criminal system, as the crime of intentionally misinterpreting the law. If that threshold is not met, there are also disciplinary measures.

If a judge is found guilty of voluntarily or misapplying the law, he will be automatically removed from office, because this is a very severe crime. 

MH: Special courts are banned by the constitution. There is a reason for this based in Germany¡¯s history. In World War II and under the rule of the Nazis, there was a special criminal court - the People¡¯s Court - set up outside the constitutional frame which tried particular cases related to political criminals. 

They took cases away from ordinary courts because the Nazis were unsatisfied with rulings by such ordinary courts and wanted to exercise law to suit their own demands.

Adolf Hitler himself ordered the establishment of this court after he was dissatisfied with the outcome of the Reichstag Fire trial in 1933. 

Many unjust rulings came out of this; over 5,200 executions were sentenced by this court.

There was a famous case among these: on July 20, 1944, there was an attempt to kill Hitler and major leaders of the Nazi regime. The court ruled that those who participated in the plot should be executed, and its organizers were shot on the spot. This was a summary execution sentence. We can see the extent to which the defendants¡¯ human rights were violated. 

Legal analysts say one of the primary causes of the Supreme Court¡¯s power abuse scandal lies in the hierarchical nature of Korea¡¯s judiciary. How are judges appointed in Germany?

PW: There are at least three different systems. At the lowest level, there are the courts of the federal states. Judges working in the states are chosen by the Ministry of Justice of the respective state or a committee within the state composed of a mix of parliamentarians and current judges. 

Then there are the judges at the federal level. They are chosen by a committee consisting of members of the Bundestag (federal lower house), and ministers of the states, and they choose which state judges to promote to the federal level.

Lastly there are federal constitutional judges, half of whom are selected by the Bundestag and half elected by the Bundesrat, the upper house. 



Does the role of lawmakers in the appointment of judges mean that they can be politically biased or beholden to certain political elements?

PW: Yes of course there are certain political elements within the system. It has to be because only members of the Bundestag and Landtag - parliaments of the states - are directly elected by the public. Every person acting for the state has to be legitimized by either the parliament directly or a committee. 

According to the German constitution, there cannot be any individual with responsibility in the state who is at least indirectly chosen by the parliament. 

But in order to balance the process, German law says constitutional judges can only be elected by a two-thirds majority in the parliament. And in German history there has never been a single party controlling two thirds of the two houses, and no single party has been able to freely choose constitutional judges. They have to compromise with other parties, and this was designed to make sure judges do not act as political marionettes and are acceptable even to the minority. 



How is judicial restraint encouraged, and what ensures that judges don¡¯t exercise overt activism.

There is no textual element that enforces restraint, but the principle of respecting executive and legislative power remains strictly abided by. This is also in the constitution. 

Tons of tangerines flown to North

The Blue House has sent hundreds of tons of tangerines to Pyongyang as a special gift in return for the mushrooms that the North sent to Seoul in September.

¡°At 8 a.m. our military cargo plane left Jeju Airport for Pyongyang Sunan Airport carrying Jeju tangerines,¡± said Kim Eui-kyeom, a Blue House spokesperson, in a brief text message to reporters. 

A total of 200 tons of tangerines were to be flown to the North over two days packed in 20,000 boxes, each weighing 10 kilograms (22 pounds).

¡°200 tons of tangerines will be transported in four trips over today and tomorrow,¡± Kim said, adding that for each trip a group of four C-130 aircrafts would be mobilized. 

Vice Unification Minister Chun Hae-sung and Suh Ho, presidential secretary for unification policy, also traveled with the tangerines.

The cargo plane returned from its first trip to Pyongyang at 1 p.m. After re-loading, it left Jeju at 3 p.m. and returned again around 8 p.m. on Sunday night. 

Another two trips will be conducted at the same time on Monday to complete the delivery of all 200 tons of tangerines. 

¡°We have selected tangerines as gifts considering that it is a rather difficult fruit to obtain for North Korean residents,¡± said the spokesperson, adding that such a large amount was sent in the hope that more North Koreans would be able to enjoy them.

The Blue House¡¯s surprise gift of tangerines comes nearly two months after North Korean leader Kim Jong-un gave South Korean President Moon Jae-in two tons of pine mushrooms on the occasion of the third Moon-Kim summit held in the North Korean capital in September.

It was the same gift that former North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, the father of the current leader, gave to South Korean Presidents Kim Dae-jung and Roh Moo-hyun during their summits in 2000 and 2007.

The two tons of mushrooms were distributed to South Korean families who have been separated from their loved ones in the North since the 1950-53 Korean War and who have not been able to attend a family reunion event. Each family was given 500 grams (1.1 pounds) of North Korean mushrooms. 

The fact that Moon gave Kim the Jeju tangerines raised speculation that he might invite Kim to the island if the North Korean leader makes a reciprocal visit to the South as agreed in the Pyongyang Declaration. 

The two sides agreed that Kim should make the crossing ¡°at an early date at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.¡± The president said during the Pyongyang summit that ¡°an early date¡± meant by the end of this year.

Kim¡¯s mother¡¯s family is thought to come from Jeju and some of his distant relatives are reportedly buried there. During a hike with Blue House reporters on Oct. 28, Moon said he could invite Kim to Jeju if he made the reciprocal visit to Seoul.

While the Jeju tangerine delivery has rekindled expectations that Kim may soon visit the South, it remains to be seen whether the summit will actually take place this year. 

Kim¡¯s second summit with U.S. President Donald Trump is planned to be held next year, although the exact date and time have not been determined. 

Without a specific agreement between Kim and Trump on the North¡¯s denuclearization, Moon and Kim are limited in their discussions on inter-Korean cooperation, experts say.

Pence repeats call for pressure on Pyongyang 
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence called on the international community to keep ¡°the pressure campaign¡± on North Korea ¡°until we achieve the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.¡± 

¡°As I will make clear, the United States will continue to exert unprecedented diplomatic and economic pressure on North Korea,¡± said Pence in an opinions piece published by the Washington Post Friday, strongly suggesting that Washington will not ease economic sanctions until the North shows evidence of more tangible steps toward denuclearization. 

He also stressed that such a campaign would last until the ¡°complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula¡± is achieved.

In what appears to be an effort to underscore the importance of economic pressure on the North, Pence said ¡°our resolve,¡± apparently referring to the ongoing tightening economic sanctions on the country rather than diplomatic peace initiatives, ¡°has brought that country to the negotiating table.¡± 

Pence¡¯s remark came as Washington and Pyongyang appear to be at odds over specifics in the denuclearization process, particularly over what the United States is willing to give in return for the North taking further steps toward denuclearization. 

While the North said that it was willing to allow U.S. experts to observe the permanent dismantlement of its long-range missile engine testing site at its key Yongbyon nuclear complex if the United States offered something in return, such as agreeing to declare an end to the 1950-53 Korea War, the two sides have not been able to narrow down the gap in their positions, brining negotiations to a standstill.

The two sides have yet to reschedule a trip by Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, to New York that was abruptly cancelled just a day before he was meant to meet U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. If held, it would have been an opportunity to continue denuclearization talks and discuss a second summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, for which a date and venue have not yet been determined. 

With no sign of a breakthrough in the stalled bilateral talks, the Choson Sinbo, the mouthpiece of the pro-North General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, warned that there would be ¡°no reasons for dialogue¡± on the North¡¯s denuclearization if the United States ¡°prefers to stick to the status quo.¡±

¡°If the U.S. takes credible measures in order to solve concerns held by the North, the improved North-U.S. relations [that will come as a result] will bring a second summit between the two leaders closer,¡± said the paper in an article published Saturday. 

¡°One thing that stands clear,¡± the article said, ¡°is that if an action for action principle, which is the most rational and fair framework, is taken up as a premise, the North-U.S. talks will not be stopped,¡± reiterating the North¡¯s demand for a framework in which the North receives something in reward for each denuclearization step. 

In a rebuke of Pence¡¯s remark that it was ¡°our resolve,¡± or maximum pressure, that brought the North to the negotiating table, the paper said it was ¡°all due to the North¡¯s measures taken in advance¡± that led to North Korea policy ¡°achievements touted by President Trump.¡± 

It warned that the North¡¯s patience was ¡°getting thin,¡± though it had taken into account the ¡°internal affairs¡± of the White House.

Envoys remember 100th year of WWI end 
In marking 100 years since the end of World War I, ambassadors of countries including France, the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, Ireland, Belgium and the European Union honored fallen soldiers of the conflict at a ceremony at the War Memorial of Korea in central Seoul on Sunday.

¡°On November 11, we remember,¡± said French Ambassador to Korea Fabien Penone in addressing the diplomatic corps, representatives of armed forces and students gathered at the memorial. ¡°And as the president of the Republic will say a little later today in Paris, ¡®We remember our soldiers who died for France, and many civilians who also lost their lives, our veterans whose bodies and minds would never be same, our villages and towns that were destroyed.¡¯¡±

The commemoration on Sunday was organized by the French Embassy in Seoul. It honored not only the soldiers of various countries who fought in World War I (1914-1918), but also those who gave their lives for the Korean War (1950-53).

¡°Here in South Korea we also remember the soldiers killed during the Korean War to preserve the freedom of this country and the future of its population,¡± he said. ¡°As where we stand now clearly reminds us, valiant combatants from many nations fell during this conflict. While hope is born today on the Korean Peninsula, I propose that we include them within our thoughts.¡±

Ambassadors and representatives of the embassies of France, the Netherlands, Italy, Ireland, the United Kingdom, Norway, Belgium, the United States, New Zealand, Australia and Canada, and the director of the War Memorial of Korea laid down wreaths to remember the soldiers who fought in the two wars. Representatives of foreign governments present at the event agreed on the importance of remembering the conflicts in order to promote peace around the world.

¡°The Netherlands was neutral in the First World War but the war taught a lot of us a very important lesson about peace,¡± said Lody Embrechts, ambassador of the Netherlands to Korea. ¡°[Holding the commemoration in Korea] means a lot for us, because we were a member of the UNC [United Nations Command] and we lost 123 soldiers during the [Korean] War. We commemorate [the lives of soldiers] every year in Hoengseong. For us it symbolizes the efforts we made on the Peninsula and hopefully, peace on the Peninsula.¡±

¡°Many nations came to help in the First World War and many nations came to help in the Korean War,¡± said Michael Reiterer, ambassador of the European Union to Korea. ¡°The European Union was a result of the Second World War, with hopes to prevent a third world war, so it¡¯s a peace project.¡±

The diplomatic corps were joined by students of the French and international schools, including the Lycee Francais de Seoul and Lycee Xavier International. They commenced the commemoration by reading out loud texts and literature related to World War I.

¡°It is up to them to continue the path of hope and freedom which the older ones have traced,¡± Penone said. ¡°It is up to them to unite, to promote peace and prosperity and not to repeat the wanderings of the past.¡±

The date held additional significance for some nations like Poland, who regained independence on Nov. 11, 1918. ¡°After 123 years of occupation by Russia, Prussia and Austria-Hungary, on November 11th 1918, Poland regained its independence and the streets of Polish cities were swept by a euphoric mood,¡± the Polish Embassy in Seoul said in a statement. To commemorate the day, the Polish Embassy hosted a marathon from Ttukseom Hangang Park in eastern Seoul on Sunday. 

The Republic of Austria was also founded after the end of the war.

¡°November 12th dates the foundation of the republic and there will be big events in Austria,¡± said Michael Schwarzinger, Austrian ambassador to Korea. The Austrian Embassy in Seoul hosted a celebration on the birth of the republic last month.

Two Koreas withdraw from 22 DMZ guard posts 
South and North Korea both withdrew troops and weapons from a total of 22 guard posts in the demilitarized zone (DMZ) on Saturday, fulfilling an inter-Korean military agreement reached last month. 

With this first step completed, the militaries of the two Koreas will now discuss ways to decommission all DMZ guard posts, believed to total more than 200. 

South Korea completed its withdrawal from 11 sites by Saturday, and the North also appears to have withdrawn from 11 sites on its side, according to a spokesman of the South¡¯s Ministry of National Defense on Sunday. 

The two sides will now each dismantle 10 emptied guard post buildings by the end of the month, as per an agreement reached on Oct. 26. At the meeting, high-level military officials from the two Koreas decided to remove 11 prominent guard posts each as an initial step to turn the DMZ into a zone of peace. 

It was later determined that the two sides would both leave a single guard post each as a tourist sites, according to a statement by the South¡¯s defense ministry last Thursday. The South¡¯s remaining guard post is located on the country¡¯s east coast, while the North¡¯s remaining guard post sits in the foothills of Mount Kumgang. These will have weapons removed, but the buildings will remain as they are. 

The 10 to be removed on each side will be dismantled with excavators rather than with explosives due to environmental and safety concerns. 

The general-level talks that led to the dismantling were a follow-up to the summits this year between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. At the general-level talks, held last month, the two sides also agreed to check on the progress of the guard-post withdrawal in December as a final step in the process. 

In the discussions, the two sides reaffirmed a mutual willingness to turn the 240-kilometer (149-mile) DMZ between the two countries into a peace zone, one of the primary tenets of the Panmunjom Declaration signed at the first summit between Moon and Kim in April. 

When the two leaders met for a third time in Pyongyang last month, they signed a military accord to ¡°expand the cessation of military hostilities in regions of confrontation such as the DMZ¡± for ¡°fundamental resolution of hostile relations.¡±

The South has around 60 guard posts on its side of the DMZ, while the North is believed to have around 160. 

Tons of tangerines flown to North 
The Blue House has sent hundreds of tons of tangerines to Pyongyang as a special gift in return for the mushrooms that the North sent to Seoul in September.

¡°At 8 a.m. our military cargo plane left Jeju Airport for Pyongyang Sunan Airport carrying Jeju tangerines,¡± said Kim Eui-kyeom, spokesman for the Blue House, in a brief text message sent to reporters. 

A total of 200 tons of tangerines were to be flown to the North over two days packed in 20,000 boxes, each weighing 10 kilograms (22 pounds).

¡°200 tons of tangerines will be transported in four trips over today and tomorrow,¡± Kim said, adding that for each trip a group of four C-130 aircrafts would be mobilized. 

Vice Unification Minister Chun Hae-sung and Suh Ho, presidential secretary for unification policy, also traveled with the tangerines.
The cargo plane returned from its first trip to Pyongyang at 1 p.m. After re-loading, it left Jeju at 3 p.m. and returned again around 8 p.m. on Sunday night. 

Another two trips will be conducted at the same time on Monday to complete the delivery of all 200 tons of tangerines. 

¡°We have selected tangerines as gifts considering that it is a rather difficult fruit to obtain for North Korean residents,¡± said the spokesman, adding that such a large number of fruits were sent in the hope that more North Koreans would be able to enjoy them.

The Blue House¡¯s surprise gift of tangerines comes nearly two months after North Korean leader Kim Jong-un gave South Korean President Moon Jae-in two tons of pine mushrooms on the occasion of the third Moon-Kim summit held in the North Korean capital in September.
It was the same gift that former North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, the father of the current leader, gave to South Korean Presidents Kim Dae-jung and Roh Moo-hyun during their summits in 2000 and 2007.

The two tons of mushrooms were distributed to South Korean families who have been separated from their loved ones in the North since the 1950-53 Korean War and who have not been able to attend a family reunion event. Each family was given 500 grams (1.1 pounds) of North Korean mushrooms. 

The fact that Moon gave Kim the Jeju tangerines raised speculation he might invite Kim to the island if the North Korean leader makes a reciprocal visit to the South as agreed in the Pyongyang Declaration. 

The two sides agreed that Kim should make the crossing ¡°at an early date at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.¡± The president said during the Pyongyang summit that ¡°an early date¡± meant by the end of this year.

Kim¡¯s mother¡¯s family is thought to come from Jeju and some of his distant relatives are reportedly buried there. During a hike with Blue House reporters on Oct. 28, Moon said he could invite Kim to Jeju if he made the reciprocal visit to Seoul.

While the Jeju tangerine delivery has rekindled expectations that Kim may soon visit the South, it remains to be seen whether the summit will actually take place this year. 

Kim¡¯s second summit with U.S. President Donald Trump is planned to be held next year, although the exact date and time have not been determined. 

Without a specific agreement between Kim and Trump on the North¡¯s denuclearization, Moon and Kim are limited in their discussions on inter-Korean cooperation, experts say.

Moon dumps top two economic bigwigs 
President Moon Jae-in named a new finance minister and chief policy adviser Friday amid troubling economic indicators, sacking two top bureaucrats who had very different views of his so-called income-led growth policy.

Kim Dong-yeon, finance minister and deputy prime minister for economic affairs, openly locked horns with Jang Ha-sung, presidential chief of staff for policy, on how to save Korea¡¯s slumping economy. Jang crafted Moon¡¯s trademark income-led growth policy and insisted on keeping it even as thousands of jobs vanished, while Kim wanted changes. 

The income-led growth policy aims to boost the domestic economy by raising low-income wages and creating jobs in the public sector. 

By replacing Kim and Jang, the Blue House said that the administration¡¯s double-tier leadership system for national economic policy planning would become a single-tier system, with authority given to the finance minister. 

But the income-led growth policy will remain, the presidential office said.

Hong Nam-ki, currently chief of the Office for Government Policy Coordination under the Prime Minister¡¯s Office, was named finance minister and deputy prime minister for economic affairs. 

Hong was born in Chuncheon, Gangwon, and earned his bachelor¡¯s degree in economics at Hanyang University, after which he earned a master¡¯s in business administration at the same school and a master¡¯s in economics at the University in Salford in Manchester, Britain. Hong served as first vice minister of the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future during the Park Geun-hye government. 

Yoon Young-chan, presidential secretary for public affairs, said at a press conference Friday that Hong was the perfect fit for finance minister at a time when the country needs ¡°innovative and drastic policy implementation,¡± adding the Blue House looked forward to seeing him pursue economic policies focused on ¡°income-led growth and fair economy,¡± creating an ¡°embracing country.¡±

Noh Hyeong-ouk, deputy chief of the Office for Government Policy Coordination under the Prime Minister¡¯s Office, will succeed Hong.

Kim Soo-hyun, senior presidential secretary for social affairs, was named Jang¡¯s successor as presidential chief of staff for policy. Born in Yeongdeok County, North Gyeongsang, Kim earned his bachelor¡¯s and master¡¯s degree in urban planning and engineering at Seoul National University, after which he earned a Ph.D. in environmental studies from the same school. Kim Soo-hyun served as presidential secretary for social affairs and adviser on economic policy during the Roh Moo-hyun administration, during which he also worked as vice environment minister.

Yoon, the presidential secretary for public affairs, said Friday that Kim Soo-hyun was the right person to reduce the wage gap and solve issues pertaining to Korea¡¯s low birth rate and an aging society.

Kim Yeon-myung, a professor of social welfare studies at Chung-Ang University in Seoul, will succeed Kim Soo-hyun as senior presidential secretary for social affairs.

Opposition parties slammed Friday¡¯s Blue House reshuffle, saying the Moon administration was on an ¡°income-led growth rampage.¡± 

Rep. Yoon Young-seok, chief spokesman for the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, said tapping Kim Soo-hyun as the new presidential chief of staff for policy was a ¡°declaration of war¡± by the Moon Blue House to continue to pursue its failed income-led growth policy because Kim Soo-hyun helped draft it. Yoon also took issue with Kim Soo-hyun's academic background, saying he studied urban planning and engineering in school and wasn¡¯t an economics expert. 

The minor-right Bareunmirae Party chimed in, saying the Moon Blue House wasn¡¯t admitting to the failure of its economic policy, and that making Hong Nam-ki - which it called Moon¡¯s ¡°yes man¡± - the new finance minister would only wreak greater damage to the economy. 

Finance minister nominee Hong will go through a parliamentary hearing, though an approval from the National Assembly is not required.

Pyongyang fumes over initiative 
North Korea lashed out at the United States and South Korea Friday for forming a working group on Pyongyang¡¯s denuclearization, calling Washington ¡°arrogant¡± and Seoul ¡°disgraceful¡± in a report published by a state-run propaganda website aimed at foreign readers.

The Korean-language news article published on Uriminzokkiri accused the U.S. of trying to sabotage efforts between both Koreas to achieve peace and prosperity, adding that the United States doesn¡¯t have any ¡°justification¡± to interfere in South-North relations.

The Seoul-Washington working group both countries agreed to form was part of the United States¡¯ ¡°heinous¡± intention to end cross-border projects ¡°anytime¡± they wish, according to Uriminzokkiri. The article continued that the working group was also proof the United States was trying to seize control over South Korea and that Washington¡¯s purported support for improved relations between the two Koreas was actually ¡°deception of public opinion.¡±

The North urged South Korea to distance itself from the United States and focus on carrying out joint declarations signed by the leaders of both countries this year, stressing that South-North relations ¡°cannot improve a bit¡± if Seoul continues to be ¡°fooled¡± by Washington.

The U.S. State Department announced on Oct. 30 that Seoul and Washington agreed to launch a working group to coordinate their approaches to North Korean denuclearization, sanctions implementation and inter-Korean cooperation. The U.S. State Department, at the time, said the forming of a new working group would mark an ¡°additional step¡± toward achieving the final, fully verified denuclearization of the North. 

A senior South Korean Foreign Ministry official later said the group would start operating sometime this month and denied speculation it was created by Washington to pressure Seoul to slow down inter-Korean cooperation. The source said Seoul proposed creating the working group first and that both sides were in talks on the subject for several months.

Pyongyang¡¯s latest outburst of frustration Friday came shortly after the cancellation of a high-level meeting between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, in New York Thursday. The two envoys had planned to continue denuclearization talks and discuss a second summit between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump. 

The State Department initially announced the meeting on Tuesday before saying it was canceled Wednesday with no explanation. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Thursday in New York that it was North Korea who canceled the meeting, apparently ¡°because they weren¡¯t ready.¡±

Speaking to reporters at the UN headquarters, Haley said she didn¡¯t think there was a ¡°major issue¡± behind the postponement, according to the Associated Press, and said that a meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un was still on for after Jan. 1.

¡°I do think the talks are going to be rescheduled,¡± Haley said of the Pompeo-Kim Yong-chol meeting. ¡°It doesn¡¯t change the fact that the summit is still scheduled for the president and Kim [Jong-un] to meet after the first of the year.¡±

Haley underscored that sanctions won¡¯t be lifted on North Korea yet because ¡°they haven¡¯t done anything to warrant us getting rid of them.¡±

¡°The threat is still there,¡± she said. ¡°North Korea still has nuclear facilities and they¡¯ve still not allowed inspectors in to inspect them.¡±

The top envoy criticized Russia¡¯s efforts in the UN to try to lift sanctions on the regime, saying Moscow was trying to ¡°earn brownie points with North Korea¡± and raise sanctions relief ¡°because they¡¯re already cheating.¡±

Seoul¡¯s Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon will travel to Washington next week to meet with officials from the U.S. government and Congress to discuss inter-Korean relations and the establishment of peace on the Korean Peninsula, the ministry said Friday.

Moon says Koreans deserve fairer economy 
President Moon Jae-in renewed his commitment to a ¡°fair economy¡± Friday, saying it¡¯s time for Korea to put a focus on inclusive growth rather than speedy growth that only enriches conglomerates.

Moon made the remark during a fair economy strategy meeting involving six related government ministry agencies, stressing that South Korea has grown into one of the biggest economies in the world in a short period of time, but the benefits of growth have not been shared fairly.

¡°In the past, our people worked day and night under the goal of building a well-off nation and became an economic power ... in just half a century, but fairness was lost in the course of economic growth,¡± Moon said during the meeting held at the Convention and Exhibition Center in southern Seoul.

¡°The jointly-achieved results concentrated on conglomerates,¡± he said.

Small and medium-sized enterprises failed to grow together with conglomerates, and the livelihoods of ordinary people became more difficult due to foul play and corruption, leading to the deepening of wealth inequality and the weakening of corporate competitiveness, Moon said.

¡°Realizing economic democracy through a fair economy is the way to make ordinary people, back-alley businesses, small and medium-sized enterprises, and conglomerates well-off together,¡± he said.

Moon said the government has taken a series of steps to fix unfair business practices, such as big businesses preying on smaller firms, and will continue to do so going forward to ensure fair opportunities and competition.

Moon said there is still a long way to go to realize a fair economy and economic democracy, but the government is doing its best to create a new economic order. 

He also called for parliamentary support for the passage of a series of pending bills aimed at advancing the goal of a fair economy.

¡°Now, our economy should move forward ¡®together,¡¯ rather than ¡®fast,¡¯ and it should go further steadily,¡± he said. 

¡°Let¡¯s make efforts together to make ¡®fair economy¡¯ the roots of our economy. The government will provide support for businesses to do their best.¡±

Koreas agree to hold 2nd meeting on road research 
South and North Korea agreed to hold a second meeting of their joint road research group on Monday in the North¡¯s border city of Kaesong, the Ministry of Unification said Friday.

Lee Eugene, deputy spokeswoman of the Unification Ministry, said an agreement was reached after North Korea proposed the second meeting on inter-Korean road connection and modernization via the inter-Korean liaison office.

At the meeting, to be held at the liaison office in Kaesong, the two Koreas will discuss various issues, including a joint survey of cross-border roads along the east coast, Lee said.

Five ranking officials from South Korea¡¯s Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport will meet with eight North Korean delegates at the Monday meeting, she added.

¡°The government will faithfully discuss inter-Korean joint research on road connection and modernization. 

It will also consult closely with the United States and the United Nations Command,¡± she said.

The joint road research group held its first meeting on Aug. 13 and conducted a weeklong survey of roads between Kaesong and Pyongyang, the North¡¯s capital.

Even if the two Koreas agree on a schedule for a joint survey of cross-border roads in the eastern region at Monday¡¯s meeting, its implementation could be delayed depending on consultations with the United States, officials and watchers say.

South and North Korea had separately planned to conduct a joint survey of cross-border railway lines in the western region in late October, but it has yet to begin as consultations with the United States have not been completed. 

North still hasn¡¯t razed missile site 
North Korea has not continued dismantling its key missile site since August, a U.S. website that analyzes the regime said Thursday.

North Korea has pledged to dismantle a missile engine testing site and a launch pad in Tongchang-ri as part of its stated commitment to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula. 38 North said satellite imagery from Oct. 31 indicates there has been no additional dismantlement activity since August.

¡°Components that were previously removed remain stacked on the ground at both locations,¡± 38 North said in an article posted on its website. Meanwhile, the imagery shows new equipment, possibly for ventilation, installed on the roof of a fuel and oxidizer storage bunker at the site.

¡°While the new equipment seems to have been installed between June and July 2018, previous imagery until late October had insufficient detail to distinguish between partial roof demolition and new equipment installation,¡± it said.

The United States and North Korea have been in talks to implement an agreement reached by U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to work toward the ¡°complete¡± denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula in exchange for security guarantees.

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and a top North Korean official had been scheduled to meet in New York on Thursday to continue the negotiations and plan a second summit between Trump and Kim. The talks were abruptly postponed due to what the United States said were scheduling issues.

Trump insists all is well with Kim 
U.S. President Donald Trump said Wednesday at a press conference in the White House following midterm elections that his second summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un would be held ¡°sometime early next year.¡± 

On the abrupt postponement of talks this week between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, Trump said ¡°that meeting is going to be rescheduled.¡± 

He said, ¡°We¡¯re going to change it because of trips that are being made,¡± without giving further details, but added it will happen ¡°at another date.¡± 

High-level talks between Pompeo and Kim in New York initially scheduled for Thursday - an opportunity to set back on track denuclearization negotiations and a possible second North-U.S. summit - were announced by the U.S. Department of State on Monday only to be canceled a day later. 

Trump told reporters he is in ¡°no hurry¡± and that he¡¯s ¡°very happy how it¡¯s going with North Korea,¡± and that it¡¯s ¡°going fine.¡± But Trump reiterated that ¡°sanctions are still on¡± for now. 

¡°Now, I¡¯d love to take the sanctions off,¡± Trump said. ¡°But they have to be responsive, too. It¡¯s a two-way street.¡± Trump last month used the term ¡°two-way street¡± when saying that future North-U.S. summits could be held on U.S. and North Korean soil. 

¡°There¡¯s no rush whatsoever,¡± added Trump, while lauding the progress made over the past five months since his June 12 summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Singapore. 

Trump said in October that his second summit with Kim Jong-un would likely take place after the midterm elections, and John Bolton, U.S. President Donald Trump¡¯s national security adviser, indicated it could happen early next year. 

North Korea has conditionally offered to permanently dismantle its key nuclear and missile engine testing sites and open them up to international inspectors in turn for ¡°corresponding measures¡± from the United States. Pyongyang has especially pressed for an easing of sanctions, but Washington has maintained relief would come after the ¡°final, fully verified denuclearization¡± of the Korean Peninsula. 

There is a possibility that Kim Yong-chol¡¯s New York trip was postponed in order to coordinate a meeting with Trump at the White House. In late May, Kim Yong-chol met with Pompeo in New York and then traveled to Washington to hand-deliver a letter from the North Korean leader to Trump in the Oval Office, leading to talks to arrange the June 12 Singapore summit. 

Trump is set to depart for France Friday for a three-day trip, according to the White House, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the armistice which ended World War I on Nov. 11, 1918. Pompeo also is tied down on Friday with a top-level U.S.-China diplomatic security dialogue held in Washington and will join Trump in Paris Saturday. 

South Korean Minister of Foreign Affairs Kang Kyung-wha confirmed at the National Assembly Thursday that Pyongyang had requested a postponement of the high-level talks with Washington. 

¡°The United States explained to us that it received a notification from the North Korean side on a postponement [of the meeting],¡± said Kang at a parliamentary session on next year¡¯s budget. ¡°According to the U.S. explanation, the North had asked to postpone it because both sides are extremely busy.¡±

Kang added that Seoul had been informed by Washington of this delay, ¡°through various Korea-U.S. channels.¡±

Before the State Department announced the postponement of the meeting, Stephen Biegun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea who had been set to travel with Pompeo to New York Thursday, held a phone conversation with Lee Do-hoon, South Korea¡¯s special representative for Korean Peninsula peace and security affairs, to explain the situation. 

¡°We will reconvene when our respective schedules permit,¡± Robert Palladino, the deputy spokesman of the U.S. State Department, said Wednesday on when the North-U.S. high-level will take place. 

¡°Ongoing conversations continue to take place.¡± 

There have been reports that the North and United States are deadlocked in negotiations over what concessions Washington will offer, but Palladino said that the Pompeo and Kim Yong-chol meeting cancellation simply ¡°has to do with timing as a matter.¡±

Pompeo has previously indicated that Kim Jong-un is in agreement to conclude the North¡¯s denuclearization process by the end of Trump¡¯s first term as president, or January 2021. 

But when asked if that is a hard deadline, Palladino said, ¡°We¡¯re not going to be driven into artificial deadlines,¡± backing Trump¡¯s remark that there is ¡°no rush.¡±

Palladino said Washington is ¡°confident¡± that U.S. inspectors will be allowed to visit North Korea¡¯s nuclear and missile engine testing sites. 

Washington is ¡°in regular contact with North Korea and that¡¯s not going to change,¡± he added.

Democrats took control of the U.S. House of Representatives for the first time in eight years following the U.S. midterm elections Tuesday while Republicans held on to their Senate majority, gaining seats. 

With their new majority in the House, Democrats plan to hold Trump more accountable for his policies, which could include putting his administration¡¯s negotiations with North Korea under more scrutiny. 

The North Korea denuclearization issue is not a particularly polarizing issue as the U.S. Congress has favored diplomacy and dialogue over any military option. However, Democrats have expressed more skepticism on the Trump administration making an effective denuclearization deal with Pyongyang. 

1st Korea-Russia forum in Pohang 
South Korean President Moon Jae-in emphasized trilateral cooperation between Seoul, Pyongyang and Moscow Thursday while giving a speech at a forum in Pohang, North Gyeongsang, describing the southeastern port city as a potential trade and tourism hub once an ¡°era of peace¡± begins on the Korean Peninsula. 

The remark was made in a congratulatory speech he gave at the first Korea-Russia Regional Cooperation Forum, which kicked off in Pohang on Wednesday and runs through today. Moon and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on June 22 during a bilateral summit in Moscow to boost regional cooperation between the two countries and hold a forum on the subject. 

Speaking to a crowd that included Russia¡¯s Minister for the Development of the Russian Far East Alexander Kozlov, Moon took every chance Thursday to highlight his New Northern Economic Policy, a key pillar of his Korean Peninsula peace vision after North Korea¡¯s denuclearization. The policy hinges on maximizing South Korea¡¯s economic potential by connecting the country¡¯s transportation infrastructure with that of North Korea and Russia, eventually reaching as far as Europe to allow the free movement of people and freight.

The Moon administration wants to start that initiative by renovating North Korean roads and railways using South Korean government money and earmarked 350 billion won ($312.5 million) for next year, a chunk of the 1.97 trillion won that¡¯s been set aside for cross-border projects. 

¡°The Far East will be a key region connecting freight and energy [resources] between the Korean Peninsula and Eurasia,¡± Moon said in his congratulatory message. ¡°When the era of peace opens on the Korean Peninsula,¡± he continued, ¡°Pohang¡¯s Yeongilman Port will link with North Korea¡¯s Kosong Port and Rason Port and also Russia¡¯s Vladivostok Port and Zarubino Port, becoming a hub for distribution and tourism.¡±

The Blue House chief continued that Pohang will be able to play a ¡°key role¡± in northern trade when South Korean railways connect with those in North Korea to pass through Siberia, eventually reaching Europe. 

In Thursday¡¯s forum, 17 local governments in South Korea and nine local governments in Russia¡¯s Far East agreed to boost cooperation in various fields including energy, advanced technology, tourism, medicine, arts and education, and establish a permanent office to organize the forum every year, with Russia and South Korea taking turns hosting the event. 

Noting that this year¡¯s forum was mainly participated by Russian government officials from the Far East, both countries agreed to encourage regional governments from other parts of Russia to take part in future forums.

The second Korea-Russia Regional Cooperation Forum will be held next year in Vladivostok, a Russian port city near the country¡¯s border with China. Ulsan, on South Korea¡¯s southeastern part near Busan, will host the third forum in 2020.

In a separate meeting with business leaders of North Gyeongsang Thursday, Moon said the government will support the southeast province by creating an ¡°industrial ecosystem¡± there inspired by the fourth industrial revolution, in part by offering financial assistance while easing regulations on developing new materials and medicine. 

Reps question martial law probe 
Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle decided Thursday to hold a parliamentary hearing on allegations that a military intelligence unit drafted martial law plans in October 2016 - and why the military and prosecutors gave up their own probe of those events Wednesday. 

Following a consultation session at the National Assembly Thursday morning, the floor leaders of Korea¡¯s three largest parties - the ruling Democratic Party and the opposition Liberty Korea Party and Bareunmirae Party - said that the parliamentary defense committee would hold a hearing at a date to be agreed upon later. 

On Wednesday, a joint probe by the military and prosecutors gave up its investigations after it failed to track down a former commander of the now-disbanded Defense Security Command (DSC). Cho Hyun-chun, a former lieutenant general who led the unit from Oct. 2014 to Sept. 2017, is a primary suspect behind the drafting of an extensive martial law document. He left for the United States last December and his whereabouts are not known. 

In July, a lawmaker revealed that the DSC had drawn up a contingency plan to impose martial law last year in case the Constitutional Court rejected the impeachment of former President Park Geun-hye, sparking big protests. The plans included procedures to arrest opposition lawmakers and civilians for what it defined as ¡°anti-state activities.¡±

Allegations of what critics called plans for a ¡°self-coup¡± by military figures close to Park raised the specter of authoritarianism familiar from Korea¡¯s not-so-distant past and prompted the newly elected Moon Jae-in government to take extraordinary measures to rein in the unit. 

Days before the DSC itself was disbanded in August to be replaced by a weakened and civilian-supervised Defense Security Support Command, a special investigation team consisting of 37 prosecutors and military officials was launched to probe the martial law plan and track down its designers. A total of 287 officials were questioned and over 90 sites raided, including the DSC headquarters, Ministry of Defense and army headquarters. 

Parliamentary leaders agreed then that they would hold legislative hearings on the coup plans once the results of the special investigation came out.

But on Wednesday, the joint probe said it had little to show for its four months of investigation. One source within the team told reporters that it were unable to find evidence that either Park herself or then-Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn had ordered the creation of the plan.

The special team said it would effectively suspend its probes into eight prominent figures including Park, Hwang and a number of former cabinet and Blue House officials until Cho is arrested. They concluded it would be impossible to determine the origins of the plan without getting his testimony.

The main opposition Liberty Korea Party, which has struggled since Park¡¯s impeachment to shed itself of its association with the former president, took the opportunity Thursday to lash out at the Moon administration, accusing it of making up a coup conspiracy to suit its political needs. 

Its agreeing to holding a parliamentary hearing on the matter, analysts say, may stem from the calculation that the inquiry would yield little anyway - at least until Cho is captured and extradited back home. 

Two Koreas agree to disease-fighting plan 
Both Koreas agreed Wednesday to launch a pilot program by the end of this year to share information on contagious diseases.

The agreement was reached during an inter-Korean health meeting at the joint liaison office in Kaesong, just north of the border that separates the two countries. It was the latest follow-up to the Pyongyang Declaration signed by both South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during their third summit on Sept. 19. In that agreement, both sides agreed to ¡°strengthen cooperation in the areas of prevention of epidemics, public health and medical care, including emergency measures to prevent the entry and spread of contagious diseases.¡±

Wednesday¡¯s meeting was the first time in 11 years that South and North Korean officials convened to discuss health-related issues. The most recent inter-Korean health meeting was in Dec. 2007, shortly after then-South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun held a summit with former North Korean leader Kim Jong-il on Oct. 4.

According to a joint press statement issued by the South¡¯s Ministry of Health and Welfare on Wednesday, both Koreas will share information on contagious diseases, such as tuberculosis and malaria, and ways to prevent their spread while enhancing technological cooperation.

Both sides will also cooperate to resolve working-level issues through the exchange of documents.

South and North Korea will also ¡°actively cooperate¡± to carry out broad medium to long-term projects on quarantine efforts and health care cooperation, the joint press statement said.

The South Korean delegation for Wednesday¡¯s health meeting included Kwon Deok-cheol, vice minister of health and welfare; Kwon Jun-wook, director general of the Bureau of Public Health Policy at the Health Ministry; and Kim Byung-dae, director general of the Humanitarian Cooperation Bureau at the Unification Ministry, which handles inter-Korean relations.

The North¡¯s side was represented by Pak Myong-su, president of the State Sanitary Inspection Board under the Ministry of Public Health; Pak Dong-chol, a deputy director of the Public Health Ministry; and Pak Chol-jin, an official from the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country.

Im scolds unions for resisting new policies 
Im Jong-seok, President Moon Jae-in¡¯s chief of staff, said at a National Assembly audit Tuesday that the country¡¯s major umbrella labor union and teachers¡¯ union are not ¡°socially vulnerable¡± and should ¡°share more social responsibility.¡±

The remark underscored the government¡¯s growing discontent toward progressive labor groups. 

¡°While the KCTU [Korean Confederation of Trade Unions] and KTU [Korean Teachers and Educational Workers¡¯ Union] might have internal difficulty [supporting government initiatives], I wish they could overcome them in order to lay the groundwork for social cooperation,¡± the presidential official said. 

Im¡¯s remark came as a surprise, given that Moon ran his campaign promising labor-friendly policies. The KCTU and KTU likewise supported Moon in the 2017 election as they hoped to see pro-labor union policies go into effect under his leadership. 

When Moon was elected, the KCTU released a statement welcoming his election that said the ¡°social meaning of Moon¡¯s election is profound¡± and expressing hope for a meeting with him ¡°to make a country where labor rights are respected.¡± 

But in recent months, the KCTU, known for its aggressive street rallies, has criticized the government for the number of labor policies it believes are unfair to union members, such as the government¡¯s new flexible approach to the 52-hour workweek.

Moon and political leaders agreed on Tuesday to allow companies to increase or decrease the maximum working hours depending on the amount of work needed at a given time.

The agreement came as businesses struggle to adapt to the shorter workweek, which lowers the maximum weekly working hours from 52 from the previous 68. 

For example, a company that makes air conditioner parts could its increase working hours to more than 52 hours a week during the high-demand summer season and corresponding decrease them during the winter. 

The KCTU made its opposition to the agreement clear, claiming it would undermine working conditions for employees. 

Im¡¯s remark Tuesday that they were no longer socially vulnerable and are now powerful organizations that should bear more social responsibility is a jab at the progressive labor union.

Hong Young-pyo, the floor leader of the ruling Democratic Party, was a member of the KCTU as a labor activist. Even he made a blunt remark Wednesday, saying, ¡°Labor unions should participate in discussions [to improve economic conditions], not oppose every policy no matter what.¡± 

The KCTU plans to go on a general strike on Nov. 21 to demand a revision to Korea¡¯s union law, reform of the National Pension Service, transition all public-sector contact workers into permanent position and improve social safety net.

Moon to appoint 7th minister without approval 
President Moon Jae-in is expected to confirm his appointment of Cho Myung-rae as environment minister on Friday, making him the seventh official appointed by the president to a ministerial position without National Assembly approval.

Cho, president of the state-run Korea Environment Institute, was chosen by the president to lead the Ministry of Environment on Oct. 5. He struggled in the National Assembly¡¯s confirmation hearings over allegations of ethical lapses, including tax evasions and plagiarism of his thesis. Thursday was the deadline for the National Assembly¡¯s environment committee to release a report on Cho¡¯s hearings. The deadline passed due to partisan bickering over whether Cho was qualified to lead the ministry.

Under appointment laws, minister appointees face parliamentary hearings, though parliamentary approval isn¡¯t required for Moon to confirm their appointments. A presidential official said it would follow this precedent, apparently referring to Moon¡¯s decision to go ahead with his appointments despite the lack of parliamentary approval.

The most recent case was of Education Minister Yoo Eun-hae, who also serves as deputy prime minister. The opposition objected to her lack of expertise in the education field and ethical questions. While there are currently six ministerial-level officials who were appointed without parliamentary approval, two Constitutional Court justices - Justices Lee Eun-ae and Lee Suk-tae - were also appointed by Moon without Assembly approval.

Opposition parties objected to Justice Lee Suk-tae¡¯s appointment over his liberal-leaning principles while Lee Eun-ae was accused of tax evasion and a false residence registration.

While Constitutional Court justices are required to attend confirmation hearings, they can still be appointed without parliamentary approval.

Moon also confirmed the appointment of Yang Sung-dong as president of state-run broadcaster KBS. This position is subject to Assembly confirmation hearings, but the appointment also does not have to be approved by the Assembly. 

In total, 10 officials have been appointed without parliamentary approval over the past year and a half since Moon¡¯s inauguration, surpassing the number of officials appointed without approval during the previous Park Geun-hye government. 


Algerian ambassador celebrates National Day in Seoul 
The Algerian Embassy and Algerian communities in Seoul today celebrate National Day, which recognizes the thousands of freedom fighters who fought in the 1954-1962 Algerian War of Independence, at the Grand Hyatt Seoul in central Seoul.

¡°This event is very important for Algerian people, because it serves as the starting point of a War of Liberation which one million and a half martyrs gave their life for,¡± Mohammed El Amine Derragui, the Algerian ambassador to Korea, told the Korea JoongAng Daily. 

National Day is one of the most celebrated occasions in the country. The top envoy, who began his tenure in Seoul in April 2015, said he hopes to recreate some of the national spirit in Seoul.

¡°The National Day celebration is an occasion for the Algerian people to gather and remember the sacrifices of the freedom fighters,¡± he said. ¡°On the national level, a great reception is organized and the president of the republic delivers a speech. On the local level, each district celebrates Nov. 1 with military parades and gatherings.¡±

The following is an excerpt from the interview. 



Q. Tell us about the National Day of Algeria.

A. This year Algeria will celebrate the 64th anniversary of the outbreak of the National Liberation Struggle of the first [of] November 1954. Algerian freedom fighters formed the FLN (National Liberation Front) and took to arms on Nov. 1, 1954. The independence struggle achieved victory in 1962 when Algeria became a sovereign nation. 



How is the day celebrated back in Algeria, and what is its significance to the Algerians?

This event is very important for Algerian people because it serves as a starting point of the War of Liberation for which one million and half martyrs gave their life for. 



This is your third year as ambassador in Seoul. What have been some highlights from bilateral relations?

Algeria and Korea have been linked by a strategic partnership since 2006, and the two countries are working closely to further strengthen their relationships. The relations are founded on three pillars. [First, there are] regular political consultations. [Second] there are trade and economic relations - the amount of trade between our two countries was estimated at $2 billion in 2017. More Korean companies are convinced that Algeria, with its abundant resources and strategic position, is the right place to launch successful and profitable joint investments. [Third], there is multisector cooperation - we can mention the multitude of Algerian delegations who participated in several international conferences that the Republic of Korea host and the tens of Algerian citizens that benefited from different training and scholarships offered by the Korean government in a variety of fields.

On the cultural level, the Embassy of Algeria in Seoul took part during the last few years in many cultural events in the framework of promotion of Algerian popular culture: cinema (Algerian movie weeks), music, crafts, gastronomy, tourism and fashion shows. 



What are your top recommendations for sightseeing in Algeria?

My country is very large and rich in term of culture, food, climate, geography, art, food and architecture. For example, Saharan tourism is highly recommended as the Algerian Sahara has the most beautiful sun rise and magnificent oasis. I also recommend seaside tourism. With 1,200 kilometers (745 miles) of Mediterranean coastline, seaside tourism in Algeria has great potential. 

Cultural tourism is another key asset. Algeria is second only to Italy in terms of Roman ruins with over 500 sites dating back to antiquity. Besides, the northern cities of Algiers, Annaba, Oran, Batna, and Tlemcen all have beautiful Islamic and Ottoman architecture. 

I invite Korean tourists also to enjoy the experience of the Algeria¡¯s unique wines and gastronomy.



Where in Seoul can one experience Algerian culture?

The Embassy of Algeria participates in many cultural events organized in Korea, among them by the Korea Arab Society, the Korea Africa Foundation and Municipalities of Seoul and other cities. These events offer the Korean public the rare opportunity to experience the cultures of Arab and African countries and contribute to reinforcing the cultural exchanges between Korea and Algeria.

350 billion won earmarked for North¡¯s rails, roads
Seoul plans to spend more than 350 billion won ($312.5 million) on modernizing North Korean roads and railways next year using South Korean taxpayers¡¯ money, a local opposition lawmaker exclusively told the JoongAng Ilbo Wednesday.

The Moon Jae-in administration has never disclosed its planned budget for the cross-border initiative, and conservative lawmakers have refused to ratify the April 27 Panmunjom Declaration until the government comes clean with its spending plans.

Rep. Choung Byoung-gug, a member of the minor-right Bareunmirae Party and the parliamentary Foreign Affairs and Unification Committee, told the JoongAng Ilbo that the Unification Ministry, which handles relations with the North, has set aside 1.97 trillion won for a so-called South-North cooperation fund next year, and that 350 billion won was to be used to renovate North Korean roads and railways.

According to a budget plan for next year that the Unification Ministry recently submitted to the National Assembly - and Rep. Choung revealed to the JoongAng Ilbo - the Unification Ministry allocated 188.89 billion won to the North Korean road and railway project next year. Of that total amount, some 134 billion won will go toward the road project, 70.7 of which will be offered free. The balance will be offered in loans, meaning Pyongyang will have to pay the sum back in the future. About 54.8 billion won has been set aside for the railway project, 9.5 billion won of which will be offered free, and the rest through loans. 

The opposition lawmaker said the Unification Ministry has additionally earmarked 163.7 billion won for North Korean roads and railways under a separate budget, which adds up the South Korean government spending to a total of nearly 352.59 billion won on the infrastructure project.

Choung accused the Unification Ministry of trying to avoid public criticism by saying it was going to carry out the joint project by loans. Choung said the Pyongyang regime has yet to pay Seoul back 3.3 trillion won it borrowed over the past decades.

The infrastructure projects are key pillars of the April 27 Panmunjom Declaration and Sept. 19 Pyongyang Declaration signed by South Korean President Moon and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during their summits this year. In the Pyongyang Declaration, Moon and Kim specifically agreed to hold a ceremony marking the start of connecting roads and railways between both Koreas by the end of this year - yet barely any progress has been made.

Critics believe Washington has been trying to put the breaks on inter-Korean projects as it tries to keep sanctions on the North. Publicly, Seoul says the allies are closely consulting with each other on the North Korea issue. 

If South Korea were to provide cash-strapped North Korea with vehicles, machinery and other equipment for track and road construction, it would violate United Nations Security Council Resolution 2397, which prohibits the export of industrial equipment to the North. 

Those sanctions, passed unanimously on Dec. 22 last year, came after the North tested an intercontinental ballistic missile on Nov. 29 of that year.

Pompeo¡¯s meeting with Kim Yong-chol canceled abruptly
A day after announcing that U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and a top North Korean official would hold talks in New York this week, the U.S. Department of State abruptly said Wednesday the meeting has been postponed to an unspecified later date. 

The high-level North-U.S. talks had been set to take place in New York Thursday, a follow-up to Pompeo¡¯s fourth visit to Pyongyang last month. The meeting between Pompeo and Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, would have been an opportunity to continue denuclearization talks and discuss a second summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.

Heather Nauert, spokesperson for the U.S. State Department, said in a statement around midnight Tuesday that ¡°Pompeo¡¯s meeting with officials from the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea, scheduled for this week in New York, will now take place at a later date.¡±

She did not specify why the talks had been canceled or if they had been rescheduled, only saying, ¡°We will reconvene when our respective schedules permit.¡± 

¡°Ongoing conversations continue to take place,¡± Nauert said in the statement, which came amid U.S. midterm elections. ¡°The United States remains focused on fulfilling the commitments agreed to by President Trump and Chairman Kim at the Singapore summit in June.¡±

The State Department on Monday announced that Pompeo would travel to New York with Stephen Biegun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea, to meet Kim Yong-chol. 

Biegun¡¯s presence had led to speculation that North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son-hui would also travel to New York. Kim Jong-un and Pompeo during their Oct. 7 talks in Pyongyang, along with discussing a potential second North-U.S. summit, agreed to hold working-level talks, but Choe has yet to hold such talks with Biegun. 

The State Department had said Monday that the two sides ¡°will discuss making progress on all four pillars¡± of the Singapore summit, referring to a four-point joint statement signed by Kim Jong-un and Trump on June 12, and achieving the ¡°final, fully verified denuclearization¡± of North Korea. 

Despite Washington¡¯s sudden announcement, Seoul officials were not too worried about what it meant to future North-U.S. denuclearization negotiations. 

A senior South Korean Foreign Ministry official familiar with the talks said Wednesday, ¡°Our government had been looking forward to the North-U.S. high-level talks to bring about actual measures for the denuclearization and establishment of permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula, hence we think it is regrettable that they are not taking place.¡±

He added that Seoul ¡°looks forward to the talks being rescheduled at an early date.¡±

¡°There is no need to imbue excessive meaning to the postponement of the talks,¡± the official added. ¡°We have to see it as a process toward the achieving of denuclearization and establishment of a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula, and there are situations where planned meetings are postponed.¡± 

The U.S. State Department statement, the official noted, ¡°has a calm tone,¡± adding that the South Korean government ¡°will continue to try to play a role in enabling momentum in dialogue.¡± 

Washington briefed Seoul about the postponement ahead of the announcement, this official added. 

This is not the first time Washington has abruptly postponed a planned meeting with North Korean officials. 

On Aug. 23, Pompeo announced a trip to Pyongyang with his new special envoy for North Korea, Biegun, which Trump canceled the next day over Twitter, blaming a lack of ¡°sufficient progress¡± in denuclearization, and also alluding to the trade war with China. 

Similarly, Trump, through a public letter on May 24, canceled his first summit with Kim Jong-un, which was in the works for June 12 in Singapore, blaming ¡°open hostility¡± in Pyongyang¡¯s rhetoric. It was Kim Yong-chol¡¯s visit to New York at the end of May and visit to the White House in Washington that helped put the summit back on track. 

Kim Eui-kyeom, the Blue House spokesman, said in a briefing Wednesday, ¡°I don¡¯t believe that the postponement [of the high-level talks] means that the North-U.S. negotiations have become null or lost momentum or direction.¡±

Diplomatic sources indicated that the North Korean side asked to postpone the talks. 

Kim Yong-chol had been booked for a flight from Beijing to New York on Wednesday. While Kim was expected to have arrived in Beijing Tuesday, his flight from Pyongyang to Beijing was suddenly canceled that day. 

Pompeo was scheduled to attend a top-level U.S.-China diplomatic and security dialogue in Washington on Friday.

Moon-Abe summit ¡®difficult¡¯ next week 
On Wednesday, the Blue House said that it will be ¡°difficult¡± to arrange a summit between President Moon Jae-in and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on the sidelines of next week¡¯s multinational meetings given last week¡¯s Supreme Court order that Japanese companies must compensate workers conscripted during colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula. 

A senior presidential official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said arranging a summit on the sidelines of the upcoming Association of South East Asian Nations meetings in Singapore or during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Papua New Guinea, both of which are scheduled for next week, was ¡°rather difficult,¡± apparently due to bilateral relations that were strained when the Supreme Court ordered on Oct. 30 Japan¡¯s Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal to pay 100 million won ($89,265) in compensation to each of four Korean victims of forced labor during Japanese colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula, which ran for 35 years from 1910. 

The court¡¯s ruling drew an immediate backlash from Japan, which claims all compensations issues in relation to its 35-year colonial rule were settled with the 1965 Korea-Japan Claims Agreement. In the 1965 agreement, Tokyo provided an economic cooperation fund - $500 million in economic grants and loans given by Japan to the Korean government - in order to normalize the two countries¡¯ diplomatic relations. 

The Supreme Court said last month that the ¡°Japanese government failed to acknowledge the illegality of its colonial rule and rejected in principle legal compensation for victims of forced labor¡± during the negotiations of the 1965 agreement. 

Since the ruling, Japanese officials have not shied away from expressing disgruntlement, with Abe calling it ¡°not acceptable according to international law,¡± and emphasizing that compensation had been completely resolved through the 1965 Treaty on Basic Relations. 

The senior Blue House official said Japanese politicians ¡°were not helping to resolve the situation.¡± 

Kyodo News reported early Wednesday that a Japanese foreign ministry official said neither side proposed a Moon-Abe summit next week, apparently due to the ongoing diplomatic row. 

While a Moon-Abe summit is very unlikely, the Blue House said Moon will have a summit with President Vladimir Putin of Russia and Prime Minister Scott Morrison of Australia. 

¡°During the multilateral summit events, [President Moon] will have bilateral meetings with his Russian and Australian counterparts to discuss ways to seek and widen potential areas of cooperation,¡± said Nam Kwan-pyo, the Blue House¡¯s National Security Office¡¯s second deputy director. He also said coordination was underway between Seoul and Washington to arrange a meeting between Moon and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, who is attending in place of U.S. President Donald Trump. 

Another senior official, who wishes to remain anonymous, said that Seoul and Beijing are ¡°seeking¡± to hold a summit with Moon and President Xi Jinping of China next week. 

Moon will embark on a six-day trip to two Asian nations on Tuesday. Moon will be in Singapore through Friday to attend the 20th Asean-Korea summit, the 21st Asean Plus Three summit (which also includes Korea, Japan and China) and the 13th East Asia Summit. Moon will attend the APEC summit in Papua New Guinea on Saturday and Sunday. 

Kwon takes on northern economic cooperation committee 
Kwon Goo-hoon, the new head of the presidential committee tasked with expanding economic cooperation with northern states - North Korea in particular - said he will take advantage of his experience at Goldman Sachs and the International Monetary Fund to lead the committee. 

¡°I think we are at a stage where we need to make the most out of global networks for northern economic cooperation in order to produce specific and tangible outcomes,¡± Kwon said Wednesday at his first press briefing at the Blue House.

¡°I will strive to apply my experiences from the IMF and Goldman Sachs to further enhance northern economic policy,¡± he continued. 

¡°I will especially contemplate what I can do to best advise the president to realize the expansion of economic opportunity and creation of a new economic map in a new territory based on a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula,¡± added the new chairman. 

Kwon earned a Ph.D. in economics from Harvard University in 1992 and a B.A. in economics from Seoul National University in 1987. Before joining Goldman Sachs in 2007, he worked at the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and served as its resident representative in Ukraine in 1997 and Russia from 2001 to 2004.

Kwon¡¯s press conference followed an official appointment ceremony presided over by President Moon Jae-in early Wednesday, bestowing on him the title of chairman of the Presidential Committee on Northern Economic Cooperation, which seeks to foster economic cooperation with northern states, including North Korea. 

Kwon, chief Korea economist and strategist at Goldman Sachs, retains his position there while serving as the committee chief, which is a non-paying position. 

The Blue House said it was Moon who recommended the 56-year-old economist, with whom he had no personal relationship, to the Blue House¡¯s personnel affairs office for the position after he was impressed with Kwon¡¯s public lecture, aired on television, on a potential economic boon that could come from engaging North Korea and its economy.

Launched in December 2017, the committee aims at expanding economic cooperation with the Russian Far East, Northeast Asia and Eurasia through opening economic ties with North Korea, a prospect Moon says could contribute to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula. 

Kwon¡¯s predecessor, Rep. Song Young-gil of the ruling Democratic Party, left the post in July when he was running for the party¡¯s top position. The committee¡¯s chief post has been vacant for nearly three months. 

Martial law probe falters as suspect can¡¯t be found 
A special investigation team¡¯s probe into allegations that the military¡¯s intelligence unit drafted martial law plans under the previous administration was suspended Wednesday after it failed to track down a key suspect.

The special joint military and prosecution team announced the interim results of their four-month probe at the Seoul Eastern District Prosecutors¡¯ Office. They were not able to find Cho Hyun-chun, the former chief of the military¡¯s now disbanded Defense Security Command (DSC) and a primary suspect behind the drafting of an extensive martial law document.

Cho left for the United States last December. The investigators concluded that it would not be possible to continue the probe without having him in custody, so they are suspending the investigation for the time being. 

In July, a lawmaker revealed that the DSC had drawn up a contingency plan for martial law last year in case the Constitutional Court rejected the impeachment of former President Park Geun-hye. This included procedures to arrest opposition lawmakers and civilians for what the DSC defined as ¡°anti-state activities.¡±

Later that month, the military and prosecution¡¯s special investigation was launched over allegations that the DSC drew up to a martial law plan. In August, President Moon Jae-in formally disbanded the controversial DSC and replaced it with a scaled-down new intelligence unit. Park was removed from office in March 2017 when the Constitutional Court upheld her impeachment by the National Assembly following months of candlelight vigils protesting her administration¡¯s corruption and abuse of power. 

The special team questioned 204 people, including current and former DSC officials, and conducted search and seizures on some 90 locations. Cho was found to have visited the Blue House four times between October 2016 and May 2017 using ¡°a strange route¡± not usually used to access the Blue House as President Park awaited impeachment, according to the probe. 

An arrest warrant was issued for Cho in September, and his passport has been invalidated. Seoul asked for cooperation from the International Police Cooperation Agency (Interpol) to locate him on Oct. 16. The special team said that it would resume its investigation when Cho is in its custody. 

It effectively suspended its probes into eight prominent figures of authority, including former President Park, then-Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, former Defense Minister Han Min-koo and Kim Kwan-jin, then-chief of the Blue House National Security Office, until Cho is arrested. 

The team explained that it would not be possible to find out who ordered Cho to draft the martial law documents without securing his testimony first. Park and Hwang could both face charges of conspiracy to commit rebellion. Cho also faces charges of conspiracy to rebellion. The head of the joint special team, Noh Man-seok, said that ¡°we are gathering impartial evidence to prove this¡± while awaiting his arrest. 

Prosecutors booked three DSC commissioned officers without detention on charges of faking public documents in order to conceal the martial law plans. These officials were said to have set up a task force that disguised martial law plans by drawing up fake documents on Key Resolve military drills. 

Bigwigs from North invited South 
A high-level North Korean delegation might visit Goyang, Gyeonggi next week to attend an international forum hosted by a local civic group and the Gyeonggi provincial government office, which would mark the first time since the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in February that a high-level official from Pyongyang steps on South Korean soil aside from in the truce village of Panmunjom.

Seoul¡¯s Unification Ministry, which handles relations with the North, said Wednesday that a Seoul-based pro-unification civic group, the Asia Pacific Exchange Association (APEA), formally asked the ministry on Tuesday evening to allow the North Koreans to visit Goyang to participate in the forum. 

According to the ministry, the APEA has invited seven North Koreans to the forum, scheduled to run from Nov. 14 to 17 in the Gyeonggi city, to discuss peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific. Among the invitees are Ri Jong-hyok, vice chairman of the Korean Asia-Pacific Peace Committee (KAPPC), and Kim Song-hye, a director of the committee. The ministry said the rest have been identified as assistants. The KAPPC is a group affiliated with the United Front Department under the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, which is deeply involved in cross-border projects.

Baik Tae-hyun, a spokesman for the Unification Ministry, told a regular press briefing Wednesday that the South Korean government doesn¡¯t yet have plans to meet with the North Korean delegation on the sidelines of the Goyang forum, neither have authorities informed the organizers they wish to speak with them.

The North Korean delegation¡¯s possible visit to Goyang comes as Seoul is in talks with Pyongyang to prepare for a visit by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to the South Korean capital by the end of this year. Kim Jong-un agreed to visit Seoul when he met South Korean President Moon Jae-in in late September during their third summit, but a specific date has yet been fixed.

In a meeting with the floor leaders of South Korea¡¯s five major political parties in the Blue House on Monday, Moon said he was still hopeful that Kim Jong-un will visit Seoul by the end of 2018.

KAPPC¡¯s Kim Song-hye has a history of planning top North Korean officials¡¯ visits abroad. She was part of the working-level team that planned Kim Yo-jong¡¯s visit to South Korea in February when she attended the PyeongChang Winter Olympics opening ceremony. Kim Yo-jong is the younger sister of Kim Jong-un.

Jeong apologizes for Gwangju sex assaults 
Defense Minister Jeong Kyeong-doo apologized Wednesday for sexual assaults by Korean soldiers during their brutal crackdown on the 1980 pro-democracy uprising in Gwangju.

During a nationally televised press conference, Jeong pledged to spare no efforts to console the victims and make the utmost efforts to restore their honor and prevent any more sexual assaults. He stressed that the military exists to support the people, not those in power. ¡°On behalf of the government and military, I bow my head and offer my words of apology for the unspeakably deep scars and pains on innocent female victims,¡± Jeong said. ¡°We will spare no efforts to provide staff and other resources to restore the honor of Gwangju citizens who rose up to resist the then military-backed government and regain democracy, and to console the women who had their normal lives stolen [by the troops],¡± he added.

His apology came a week after a government fact-finding team announced that it found 17 cases of sexual assault committed by troops enforcing martial law during their crackdown in Gwangju in 1980.

The probe team consisted of officials from the ministries of gender equality and defense and the National Human Rights Commission. It was launched in June as part of government efforts to shed light on the alleged wrongdoings by the military during the crackdown. The Gwangju uprising came in the wake of a military coup in December 1979, through which then-Army Gen. Chun Doo Hwan seized power. Chun¡¯s military staged a campaign to quash the uprising that killed hundreds. 

Pompeo¡¯s meeting with Kim Yong-chol canceled abruptly 
A day after announcing that U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and a top North Korean official would hold talks in New York this week, the U.S. Department of State abruptly said Wednesday the meeting has been postponed to an unspecified later date. 

The high-level North-U.S. talks had been set to take place in New York Thursday, a follow-up to Pompeo¡¯s fourth visit to Pyongyang last month. The meeting between Pompeo and Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party, would have been an opportunity to continue denuclearization talks and discuss a second summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.

Heather Nauert, spokesperson for the U.S. State Department, said in a statement around midnight Tuesday that ¡°Pompeo¡¯s meeting with officials from the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea, scheduled for this week in New York, will now take place at a later date.¡±

She did not specify why the talks had been canceled or if they had been rescheduled, only saying, ¡°We will reconvene when our respective schedules permit.¡± 

¡°Ongoing conversations continue to take place,¡± Nauert said in the statement, which came amid U.S. midterm elections. ¡°The United States remains focused on fulfilling the commitments agreed to by President Trump and Chairman Kim at the Singapore summit in June.¡±

The State Department on Monday announced that Pompeo would travel to New York with Stephen Biegun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea, to meet Kim Yong-chol. 

Biegun¡¯s presence had led to speculation that North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son-hui would also travel to New York. Kim Jong-un and Pompeo during their Oct. 7 talks in Pyongyang, along with discussing a potential second North-U.S. summit, agreed to hold working-level talks, but Choe has yet to hold such talks with Biegun. 

The State Department had said Monday that the two sides ¡°will discuss making progress on all four pillars¡± of the Singapore summit, referring to a four-point joint statement signed by Kim Jong-un and Trump on June 12, and achieving the ¡°final, fully verified denuclearization¡± of North Korea. 

Despite Washington¡¯s sudden announcement, Seoul officials were not too worried about what it meant to future North-U.S. denuclearization negotiations. 

A senior South Korean Foreign Ministry official familiar with the talks said Wednesday, ¡°Our government had been looking forward to the North-U.S. high-level talks to bring about actual measures for the denuclearization and establishment of permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula, hence we think it is regrettable that they are not taking place.¡±

He added that Seoul ¡°looks forward to the talks being rescheduled at an early date.¡±

¡°There is no need to imbue excessive meaning to the postponement of the talks,¡± the official added. ¡°We have to see it as a process toward the achieving of denuclearization and establishment of a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula, and there are situations where planned meetings are postponed.¡± 

The U.S. State Department statement, the official noted, ¡°has a calm tone,¡± adding that the South Korean government ¡°will continue to try to play a role in enabling momentum in dialogue.¡± 

Washington briefed Seoul about the postponement ahead of the announcement, this official added. 

This is not the first time Washington has abruptly postponed a planned meeting with North Korean officials. 

On Aug. 23, Pompeo announced a trip to Pyongyang with his new special envoy for North Korea, Biegun, which Trump canceled the next day over Twitter, blaming a lack of ¡°sufficient progress¡± in denuclearization, and also alluding to the trade war with China. 

Similarly, Trump, through a public letter on May 24, canceled his first summit with Kim Jong-un, which was in the works for June 12 in Singapore, blaming ¡°open hostility¡± in Pyongyang¡¯s rhetoric. It was Kim Yong-chol¡¯s visit to New York at the end of May and visit to the White House in Washington that helped put the summit back on track. 

Kim Eui-kyeom, the Blue House spokesman, said in a briefing Wednesday, ¡°I don¡¯t believe that the postponement [of the high-level talks] means that the North-U.S. negotiations have become null or lost momentum or direction.¡±

Diplomatic sources indicated that the North Korean side asked to postpone the talks. 

Kim Yong-chol had been booked for a flight from Beijing to New York on Wednesday. While Kim was expected to have arrived in Beijing Tuesday, his flight from Pyongyang to Beijing was suddenly canceled that day. 

Pompeo was scheduled to attend a top-level U.S.-China diplomatic and security dialogue in Washington on Friday. 

Pompeo meets Kim Yong-chol on Thursday 
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will meet with Kim Yong-chol on Thursday in New York to work on North Korean denuclearization negotiations, the U.S. State Department announced Monday. 

The State Department said in a statement that Pompeo will travel to New York with Stephen Biegun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea, to meet Kim, the vice chairman of the Central Committee of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party. 

It added that Pompeo and Kim ¡°will discuss making progress on all four pillars of the Singapore Summit joint statement, including achieving the final, fully verified denuclearization of the DPRK.¡± 

DPRK is an acronym for the North¡¯s official name, the Democratic People¡¯s Republic of Korea.

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump during a summit in Singapore on June 12 signed a four-point joint statement which called for: establishing new North-U.S. relations; building a lasting and stable peace regime on the Korean Peninsula; committing to complete denuclearization; and the repatriation of bodies of American soldiers killed during the 1950-53 Korean War.

Pompeo, in his fourth visit to Pyongyang on Oct. 7, met with Kim Jong-un in part to discuss a second North-U.S. summit. Kim told Pompeo he was ready to allow international inspectors into the North¡¯s Punggye-ri nuclear test site and its Tongchang-ri missile engine testing site. 

They also agreed to hold lower level denuclearization talks that would involve Biegun and his counterpart, North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son-hui, but they have yet to happen. 

There is a likelihood that Choe could accompany Kim Yong-chol, who also serves as the director of the North¡¯s United Front Department, which handles inter-Korean relations, to New York and meet with Biegun. 

¡°Biegun is accompanying Pompeo, which could indicate a high possibility that his counterpart Choe Son-hui may attend as well,¡± said Kim Eui-kyeom, the Blue House spokesman, Tuesday. 

In a briefing in Seoul on Tuesday, the Blue House spokesman called attention to the U.S. State Department¡¯s statement saying the high-level talks with the North will focus on the ¡°four pillars¡± of the Singapore joint statement, which he praised as ¡°the most stable approach.¡± 

¡°Until now, clauses three and four on denuclearization and the repatriation of bodies have been prioritized in discussions,¡± said Kim. ¡°I can¡¯t help but think that the first and second clauses on establishing North-U.S. relations and bringing about peace on the Korean Peninsula can be officially be negotiated through the upcoming high level talks.¡±

In the Sept. 19 inter-Korean Pyongyang Declaration signed during South Korean President Moon Jae-in¡¯s summit with Kim Jong-un, the North pledged to permanently dismantle its Tongchang-ri missile engine test site and launch platform under the observation of international experts. The North further expressed a willingness to permanently dismantle its key Yongbyon nuclear complex if the United States ¡°takes corresponding measures.¡±

With Kim Jong-un¡¯s pledges on inspections and possible dismantlement of its Yongbyon site, attention is focused on what Washington will offer in terms of security guarantees for the North. 

Pyongyang has been pushing for sanctions relief while Washington has maintained that the easing of pressure will come after denuclearization. 

Another factor includes the results of the U.S. midterm elections Tuesday. 

Spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom noted, ¡°There is a possibility that a new approach on North-U.S. negotiations may be taken depending on a new atmosphere and circumstances following the U.S. midterm elections.¡± 

Kim Yong-chol last traveled to New York for talks with Pompeo at the end of May. They then headed to Washington to deliver to U.S. President Donald Trump a letter from Kim Jong-un that set back into motion the first North-U.S. summit on June 12. 

There is little likelihood that Pompeo¡¯s talks with Kim Yong-chol Thursday in New York can be extended because a U.S.-China Diplomatic and Security Dialogue is scheduled for Friday. Pompeo and U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will hold talks in Washington with Yang Jiechi, a Chinese politburo member who heads the ruling Communist Party¡¯s foreign affairs commission, and China¡¯s Defense Minister Wei Fenghe. 

¡°We plan to have consultations between South Korea and the United States on the results of the North-U.S. talks,¡± said Kim Deuk-hwan, deputy spokesman for the South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs, during a briefing Tuesday. Seoul is also considering sending an official to Washington, such as Lee Do-hoon, the South¡¯s special representative for Korean Peninsula peace and security affairs.

Pompeo told CBS¡¯s ¡°Face the Nation¡± on Sunday that ¡°our capacity to verify¡± that complete denuclearization has taken place ¡°is also a prerequisite to lifting economic sanctions.¡±

He said he expects to ¡°make some real progress including an effort to make sure that the summit between our two leaders can take place where we can make substantial steps towards denuclearization.¡± 

Pompeo added, ¡°I¡¯m confident that we¡¯ll advance the ball again this week¡± in his talks in New York. 

In another interview with ¡°Fox News Sunday,¡± Pompeo said he is ¡°not worried about rhetoric¡± coming from Pyongyang during the negotiation process. ¡°Stray voltage happens to be all around us,¡± said Pompeo. ¡°We¡¯re very focused. We know with whom we¡¯re negotiating. We know what their positions are.¡±

He maintained that Trump has been clear that there will be ¡°no economic relief until we have achieved our ultimate objective.¡±

He underscored that the negotiations aim to achieve ¡°the full denuclearization verified by the United States of the Korean Peninsula, and then a brighter future for the North Korean people.¡± 

Moon, parties agree on flexible workweeks 
President Moon Jae-in and political leaders agreed to be flexible about the new 52-hour workweek during a consultative meeting at the Blue House Monday. 

The agreement came as businesses struggle to adapt to the shorter work week, which brings the maximum number of hours down to 52 from the previous 68. 

The new workweek went into effect for workplaces employing 300 or more people starting July 1. The goal was to reduce Korea¡¯s notoriously long working hours to help people find a better balance between work and leisure - and to encourage companies to hire more workers. 

¡°To help alleviate difficulties companies face, we shall complete supplementary legislation expanding the flexibility in working hours,¡± read a joint statement issued by five political parties that participated in the Monday meeting. 

Kim Sung-tae, floor leader of the opposition Liberty Korea Party (LKP), told reporters after his meeting with Moon that such flexibility could be allowed for a year. ¡°The Blue House agreed to pass legislation on it by the end of this year,¡± he said. 

Companies may be allowed to increase or decrease working hours depending on the amount of work needed at a given time.

For instance, a company that makes air conditioner parts could increase working hours more than 52 hours a week during the summer season while decreasing them during the winter. 

The working hour agreement was one of several reached among Moon and the floor leaders of five political parties Monday. In August, the Blue House and the parties agreed to hold such consultations every three months in an attempt to reach middle ground on a wide range of policy differences. 

Touching on a series of corrupt employment practices in both the public and private sector, the government and the parties agreed to pass preventive and punitive laws. 

They also agreed to give bipartisan support to enhance the country¡¯s competitiveness in the nuclear energy sector even as the Moon government attempts to phase out nuclear energy production in Korea. 

¡°With the government¡¯s energy policy as a basis, we agree to actively pursue the maintenance and development of the country¡¯s global competitiveness in nuclear energy technology,¡± read a joint statement. 

The Moon government wants to reduce the number of active nuclear power plants to 14 by 2038 from the current 24, and yet it is still trying to export Korean nuclear technology. Moon wants to raise the amount of power generated by renewable sources to 20 percent by 2030 from the current 4 percent. Korea currently depends on nuclear energy for a third of its power. 

Moon and the party floor leaders also agreed to expand benefits for couples having or rearing children to raise Korea¡¯s notoriously low birthrate and to cut red tape affecting innovation in industry. They also agreed to strengthen punishments for drunk driving and filming people secretly and without their consent. 

Other agreements include bipartisan efforts to achieve complete denuclearization of North Korea and the establishment of a permanent peace on the Korean Peninsula through the alliance with the United States, though it remains to be seen whether the LKP will agree to the ratification of the Panmunjom Declaration, the product of Moon¡¯s first summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in April, as repeatedly demanded by Moon. 

Pyongyang bolsters old alliances 
Ahead of high-level talks between North Korea and the United States in New York this week, Pyongyang has been busy strengthening ties with friendly countries, including China, Russia and Cuba. 

Chinese Minister of Culture and Tourism Luo Shugang led a cultural delegation that included dancers and musicians on a four-day trip to Pyongyang that ¡°successfully winding up its goodwill visit¡± on Monday, according to the North¡¯s official state-run Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on Tuesday. 

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un attended a joint performance by North Korean and Chinese artists at the Mansudae Art Theatre in Pyongyang Saturday. He was flanked by top officials, including Choe Ryong-hae and Ri Su-yong, both vice chairmen of the North¡¯s ruling Workers¡¯ Party¡¯s Central Committee, Culture Minister Pak Chun-nam and his younger sister Kim Yo-jong, the first vice director of the Central Committee. 

Another joint performance was held at the theater on Monday before Luo and his delegation, which included Chinese actress Tong Liya, departed. North Korean officials as well as Chinese Ambassador to Pyongyang Li Jinjun, students and teachers were also in attendance. 

During its mass games on Sunday evening, North Korea prominently featured a portrait of Chinese President Xi Jinping during its finale, highlighting North Korea-China friendship. The performance was attended by the two countries¡¯ culture ministers and other officials from the ruling Workers¡¯ Party and the Chinese Embassy in Pyongyang. 

Luo and his delegation visited Friendship Tower on Sunday and paid silent tribute to the Chinese soldiers killed during the 1950-53 Korean War. The KCNA reported that Luo wrote in the guestbook, ¡°China-Korea friendship sealed in blood will be ever-lasting!¡±

North Korean leader Kim has held three summits with Chinese President Xi this year in China. Xi is expected to make his first visit to Pyongyang since he became president soon. Whether it takes place within the year depends in part on the results of the talks between U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and his North Korean counterpart Kim Yong-chol Thursday in New York. The ongoing trade war between China and the United States has sometimes put a damper on the Korean Peninsula denuclearization negotiations, and U.S. President Donald Trump has at times accused Beijing of getting in the way of talks with the North. 

Kim Jong-un also met with Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez at the Workers¡¯ Party¡¯s Central Committee headquarters in Pyongyang Monday. The KCNA reported Tuesday that they exchanged views on socioeconomic development, socialism, the situation on the Korean Peninsula and international relations.

Diaz-Canel was accompanied by his wife Lis Cuesta Perasa, and Kim by his wife, Ri Sol-ju. KCNA reported that they held talks ¡°in a harmonious atmosphere.¡±

They also had dinner afterward, according to the KCNA, and exchanged views on the ¡°politics, economy, culture and customs of the two countries.¡± Kim and Diaz-Canel were likely discussed cooperation on getting the United States to ease sanctions. 

Vyacheslav Lebedev, chief justice of the Russian Supreme Court, made a three-day visit to Pyongyang which concluded last Thursday. It included a meeting with Kim Yong-nam, president of the Presidium of the Supreme People¡¯s Assembly. 

At the end of last month, North Korea¡¯s Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs Sin Hong-chol visited Moscow for talks with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov. 

The North Korean leader is expected to make a visit to Moscow for a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin this month. 

Joint Chiefs chair says approach may need revamp 
The chairman of the U.S. Joints Chiefs of Staff said on Monday that the United States would have to start making changes to its military posture on the Korean peninsula over time if talks with North Korea advance.

¡°The more successful we are in the diplomatic track, the more uncomfortable we will be in the military space,¡± Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told a forum at Duke University.

¡°Because over time, this negotiation will take a form where we¡¯re going to have to start making some changes to the military posture on the peninsula. And we¡¯re prepared to do that in support of Secretary Pompeo,¡± Dunford said. He did not elaborate on what changes might be expected.

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will meet with senior North Korean official Kim Yong-chol in New York on Thursday to discuss North Korea¡¯s denuclearization.

In Washington last week, South Korea¡¯s defense minister said the two countries would decide by December on major joint military exercises for 2019. Vigilant Ace, suspended this month, is one of several such exercises halted to encourage dialogue with Pyongyang, which has criticized joint U.S.-South Korea exercises in the past.

Although larger exercises were suspended, the two countries have continued to conduct small-scale drills.

On Monday, U.S. and South Korean marines conducted military drills under the Korean Marine Exchange Program for the first time in months, according to the South Korean ministry of defense.

North Korea has not tested a ballistic missile or nuclear weapon for nearly a year, and has said it has shuttered its main nuclear test site and plans to dismantle several more facilities.

In recent weeks, North Korea has pressed harder for what it sees as reciprocal concessions by the United States and other countries.

LKP rips into Im over border trip 
Im Jong-seok, President Moon Jae-in¡¯s chief of staff, was criticized by the opposition during a parliamentary audit of the Blue House on Tuesday for his recent trip to a military installation to monitor a landmine removal operation last month.

Im¡¯s trip on Oct. 17, which was accompanied by Defense Minister Jeong Kyeong-doo and Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon, faced backlash from members of the conservative Liberty Korea Party. 

They accused Im of trying to raise his political profile by drawing the media spotlight.

The chief of staff wore sunglasses that day, which could be seen as arrogant, further inflaming the opposition¡¯s criticism.

A video clip of Im¡¯s trip revealed the location of an entrance to a guard post on the southern side of the demilitarized zone. The disclosure of sensitive military information also fueled criticism of Im, who also serves as chairman of the committee on implementing inter-Korean agreements signed on April 27 and Sept. 19 by President Moon and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. 

¡°Im just answered an inquiry from Rep. Son Kum-ju that he make the visit [to the frontline unit] as chairman of the inter-Korean agreement implementation committee, [not as the president¡¯s chief of staff]. But it is his duty as a chief of staff to stay at the Blue House when the president is absent,¡± said Kim Sung-tae, the floor leader of the LKP. Moon was on a nine-day trip to Europe when Im went to inspect the landmine removal operation.

Kim continued that if Im had to make the visit as head of the special-purpose committee, he should have done it after Moon returned home from Europe. 

Fellow LKP lawmaker Sung Il-jong joined the chorus, saying it ¡°wasn¡¯t appropriate for the unification minister, national intelligence service chief and defense minister and vice minister to make a group tour to the demilitarized zone¡± while the president was overseas.

The visit by the high-level delegation led by Im was meant to show Seoul¡¯s resolve to fulfill the inter-Korean agreement signed on Sept. 19 in Pyongyang. In the Pyongyang Declaration, the two agreed to ¡°expand the cessation of military hostilities in regions of confrontation such as the DMZ to the substantial removal of the danger of war across the entire Korean Peninsula.¡± 

Specifically, the North and South agreed to excavate the remains of soldiers killed during the 1950-53 Korean War. 

Removing landmines that were planted during the three-year war was the first step to the excavation project along the border. 

In his response to the criticism, Im talked about the significance of the excavation.

¡°The [agreement implementation] committee decided to make the visit because the remains excavation project is one of the most meaningful projects envisioned in the inter-Korean agreement,¡± he said.

On criticism that he was seeking to score political points, Im said he would take it ¡°as an occasion to recognize the heavy responsibility¡± of his position as a senior presidential official. 

Korea Rotary plans for 100th anniversary at Busan seminar 
Korea Rotary held its annual seminar at Haeundae Grand Hotel in Busan on Tuesday. The three-day seminar was attended by over 1,000 Rotary members from Korea and across the world. 

They shared up-to-date information on policies and programs that the community service organization has held this year and discussed the future of Korea Rotary. 

The seminar took into special consideration a five-year preparation plan to prepare for the 100th anniversary of Rotary¡¯s establishment in Korea in 2027. Rotary members will focus on preparing a bid to host the 2027 International Rotary Convention in Busan.

Barry Rassin, Rotary International president, attended the seminar to celebrate Korea Rotary¡¯s addition to Rotary¡¯s Zone 12. For administrative purposes, the 32,000 Rotary clubs worldwide are grouped into 529 districts which are then grouped into 34 zones. Each zone consists of 15 districts. With 65,000 members registered in 19 districts across Korea, Korea Rotary has the fourth-most Rotary members after the United States, India and Japan.

¡°The International Rotary Committee will support Korean Rotary members in achieving peace in the Korean Peninsula. We are an organization that goes beyond political boundaries and takes into careful consideration the direction we need to take in order to achieve world peace,¡± said Rassin.

¡°Five Korea Rotary seminars were held in Busan over the past 16 years. I hope that the Rotary leaders who have come together today will learn more about sustainable growth and development,¡± said Jang Man-young, the head of the preparation committee for the 2018 Korea Rotary Institute.

The Rotary Club was founded in 1905 by a young lawyer, Paul Harris, in the United States. The organization now has more than 1.2 million members. The organization focuses on serving others and has the motto ¡°service above self.¡± 

Korea gets waiver on U.S. Iran sanctions 
South Korea is among eight countries getting temporary waivers from the U.S. government on an embargo on Iranian oil imports after it reimposed sanctions on Tehran on Monday, according to Seoul¡¯s Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 

Waivers can be granted for up to 180 days, and it is possible to apply for an extension, according to the Korean Foreign Ministry, after sanctions were restored Monday by Washington following the Donald Trump administration¡¯s pulling out of the 2015 Iran nuclear accord in early May. 

The Trump administration in August announced its decision to restore, by Nov. 5, sanctions that were lifted through the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action in return for restrictions on Iran¡¯s nuclear weapons program. The deal was signed on May 8, 2015, by Iran and China, France, Germany, Russia, Britain and the United States under the Barack Obama administration. 

The sanctions that came into effect Monday targeted Iran¡¯s energy sector and transactions by foreign financial institutions with the Central Bank of Iran (CBI). 

Other countries that received waivers include key U.S. partners like India and Japan, according to foreign media outlets. 

The sanctions will target Iran¡¯s energy, shipping and banking sectors, a part of the Trump administration¡¯s strategy of maximum pressure on Iran to cut off funding for its nuclear and ballistic missiles program. 

Seoul has been seeking exemptions from Washington for imports of Iranian condensates, an ultra-light form of crude oil, and on payments to escrow accounts. 

In a statement Monday, Seoul¡¯s Foreign Ministry said that crude oil imports from Iran can be continued for the time being through the waiver granted by the United States, enabling a stable supply of condensates ¡°necessary¡± for Korea¡¯s petrochemical industry. Furthermore, the current transaction system between Korea and Iran can continue to be used for trade and will not violate sanctions. 

Through this won-based transaction system, local banks such as the Industrial Bank of Korea (IBK) and Woori Bank held accounts for the Central Bank of Iran to enable Korean companies to transfer payments to Iran since 2010. The government can control and monitor the funds going to Iran through this system. 

The two countries have been in consultations over the past half year on Washington¡¯s renewal of Iran sanctions and how to minimize the impact on Korean businesses. 

Over the past several months, Seoul held eight meetings of related government agencies and held 11 sessions with related companies in order to minimize the impact of the reimposing of Iran sanctions on local businesses, according to the Foreign Ministry. 

It is also a means to avoid so-called secondary sanctions intended to apply pressure on third countries to prevent them from trading with Iran.
South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha in a phone conversation with U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Oct. 29 asked for Washington ¡°to exercise flexibility¡± and exempt Seoul from the sanctions ¡°in order to minimize damage to Korean enterprises.¡± Pompeo replied that the United States would be ¡°mindful¡± of South Korea¡¯s position. 

Under such circumstances, the waiver, said the Korean Foreign Ministry Monday, is Washington exercising ¡°maximum flexibility¡± and consideration toward its ally, Seoul. 

It added, ¡°The Korean government as a responsible member of the international community will take part in the U.S. and global efforts toward resolving the Iran nuclear issue and stability and peace in the Middle East region, and in the process, also continue to closely consult with related countries to minimize the effect on or economy.¡± 

On the eve of the sanctions imposition, Pompeo in an interview with Fox News on Sunday defended the temporary waivers granted to eight countries to continue to buy Iranian crude oil. 

He said that a ¡°handful¡± of countries have ¡°already made significant reductions in their crude oil exports¡± and needed ¡°a little bit more time to get to zero¡± and that Washington is ¡°going to provide that to them.¡± 

But he underscored that Trump¡¯s ¡°policy of maximum pressure will be fully in place.¡± 

Pompeo said that he is ¡°very confident¡± that the crude oil embargo and financial sanctions on over 600 designations of individuals and companies in Iran ¡°will have the intended effect to alter the Iranian regime¡¯s behavior.¡±

U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin wrote in an opinion piece published by the Financial Times Sunday that ¡°Monday marks the heaviest economic pressure ever applied by the U.S. against the Iranian regime.¡±

He said that the Treasury¡¯s blacklist will include ¡°hundreds of targets previously removed from sanctions lists¡± and more than 300 new entities. 

Mnuchin added that exceptions include humanitarian aid, while adding Washington will strictly enforce Iran sanctions, and wrote, ¡°We will not tolerate banks, companies or other entities that seek to circumvent our actions. We will view them as complicit in funding Iran¡¯s malign ambitions.¡±

Moon asks Assembly to prepare welcome for Kim Jong-un 
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Monday he was preparing to invite North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to Seoul and hopes he will come by the end of this year at a meeting with floor leaders of five political parties at the Blue House. 

Moon also expressed the hope that the National Assembly will issue a welcoming statement to Kim in a bipartisan spirit, according to a floor leader who attended the meeting. 

¡°On the issue of whether North Korean leader Kim will make the reciprocal visit to Seoul as agreed, the president said [the preparations] are underway,¡± Hong Young-pyo, floor leader of the ruling Democratic Party, told reporters at the National Assembly after a nearly three-hour long meeting with Moon and floor leaders of four opposition parties. 

¡°While it remains to be seen whether the visit will be realized by the year¡¯s end, he said the government has been preparing for the visit on the premise it will happen this year,¡± Hong continued. 

Moon was also quoted as saying by Rep. Kim Kwan-young, floor leader of the Bareunmirae Party, that he ¡°would like to have the National Assembly issue a welcoming statement¡± for the North Korean leader. Rep. Kim said the issue of such a statement would be discussed at the Assembly. 

On the idea of North Korean leader Kim delivering a speech at the National Assembly like another foreign leader, Rep. Kim said that would need to be discussed by lawmakers. 

Moon¡¯s comments came amid growing speculation that North Korean leader Kim¡¯s visit will likely be postponed to next year. 

Moon was quoted as saying that he was ¡°coordinating with various opinions on whether Kim¡¯s reciprocal visit to Seoul should take place before or after the North-U.S. summit,¡± which has been tentatively scheduled for next year, though neither a date nor a venue has been determined. 

Moon and Kim agreed in the Pyongyang Declaration signed on Sept. 19 that the latter would visit Seoul by the end of this year. 

Moon¡¯s meeting with the floor leaders of the five parties, including floor leader Kim Sung-tae of the major opposition Liberty Korea Party, came after the Blue House and parties agreed in August that they would hold such a consultation once every three months in an attempt to reach middle ground on a wide range of policy differences. 

The Monday meeting, which began at 11:20 a.m. and ran until 2 p.m. with a meal being served, was the first of its kind, and a second meeting will be held in February. 

Following the three-hour meeting, the parties issued a joint statement covering a number of agreements reached with Moon, including a consensus to expand the scope of benefits for child rearing to raise low birthrates and to deregulate excessive business regulations thwarting innovative business models. They also agreed to strengthen legal punishment for drunk driving and filming people secretly and without their consent. 


Koreas start joint survey of border rivers 
Both Koreas launched a team of military officials and waterway experts on Monday to survey the estuaries of the Han and Imjin rivers along the west coast in hopes of using the area for future projects.

The survey is a follow-up to an inter-Korean military pact signed on Sept. 19 during the third South-North summit, which went into effect last Thursday. Both Koreas agreed in a high-level meeting between generals on Oct. 26 to start the survey in early November. 

The joint survey of the estuaries of the Han and Imjin rivers, which for decades have been off-limits to civilians, will be the first time that both Koreas will examine the waterways together.

Seoul¡¯s Ministry of National Defense said in a statement Monday that the armistice agreement allows for the free movement for civilian vessels within the area. 

In most cases, however, local authorities restricted their sailing due to fear of military clashes between the South and North. 

A spokesman from the ministry said that the estuary of the Han River doesn¡¯t have a military demarcation line separating the two countries, making it ¡°highly possible¡± for an accidental clash to occur. 

The source said the government hopes the waterways transform into a place that both Koreas can ¡°peacefully¡± use. 

According to the ministry, the joint survey team is composed of 20 members, 10 from each side, including military officials and waterway experts. By the end of the year, they will head out on six South Korean vessels to carry out their investigation. 

The zone under investigation stretches 70 kilometers (43.5 miles) in length and covers 280 square kilometers (69,189.5 acres) in surface area. 

It runs from the northeastern tip of the South Korean city of Gimpo in Gyeonggi to the southwestern tip of Gyodong Island in Ganghwa County, Incheon, and from North Korea¡¯s Imhan-ri, Panmun County, Kaesong to Haenam-ri, Yonan County, South Hwanghae Province.

The Defense Ministry said the study group planned to examine the depth of the waterways from the vessels to the riverbed and at which level boats can safely sail within the areas.

Both Koreas agreed not to engage in any action or words that may provoke the other side, or keep with them any explosive materials, guns or weapons during the months-long investigation, according to the South¡¯s Defense Ministry. 

The two Koreas also agreed to allow the South Korean vessels temporarily stop nearest place, in whichever country, if ¡°urgent situations¡± such as a natural disaster occurs. The host country will provide assistance.

The South¡¯s Defense Ministry said the project will hopefully provide navigation information to both countries and allow civilians free movement in the future. 

Both Koreas had initially agreed to hold a joint survey of the Imjin and Han estuaries in October 2007 at the second inter-Korean summit during the South¡¯s Roh Moo-hyun administration. The initiative soon lost momentum after bilateral relations began to sour. 

Ri¡¯s noodle barb didn¡¯t overshadow welcome: Blue House 
A senior North Korean official¡¯s insulting remark to South Korean business chiefs during a luncheon in September did ¡°not overshadow¡± the overwhelming welcome South Korean President Moon Jae-in received from North Koreans during his visit to Pyongyang, the Blue House said Monday. 

Kim Eui-kyeom, spokesman for the Blue House, also noted that the remark by Ri Son-gwon, chairman of the North¡¯s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country, which handles inter-Korean relations, had not fully been substantiated, an apparent effort to quell any controversy.

Ri, who hails from the military, is known for his hard-line stance when dealing with South Korean officials. 

¡°When the overall context of remarks are absent, their meaning could be interpreted in a dramatically different way,¡± Kim said. ¡°Sometimes [interpretation without the context] could turn compliment into criticism and criticism into compliment. As of now, we do not have clear facts about Ri¡¯s alleged remark. 

¡°Even if [Ri¡¯s] manners and culture are a bit different from ours, I don¡¯t think it overshadowed the overwhelming welcome President Moon received during his visit to Pyongyang,¡± continued Kim, referring to the president¡¯s three-day trip to the North Korean capital in September for his third summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. 

It was revealed during a parliamentary audit in late October that Ri had scolded South Korean business tycoons who accompanied Moon as part of his delegation to Pyongyang in September. Over a lunch with the tycoons, including executives of Samsung, SK and LG, Ri asked, ¡°Do the cold noodles go down your throat?¡± 

In Korean, the expression is a way of scolding someone for being too comfortable. The South Korean delegation at the time was eating a bowl of Pyongyang-style naengmyeon (cold noodles) at the famed Okryu Restaurant. 

Ri is thought to have made the remark to register his discontent over the slow pace of inter-Korean business cooperation by business groups since the April 27 inter-Korean agreement due to economic sanctions on the North. 

Ri was also revealed to have poked fun at Democratic Party (DP) Rep. Kim Tae-nyeon¡¯s physique during an inter-Korean event in Pyongyang last month, according to participants in the event.

¡°Those with a pot belly should not be entrusted with a budget,¡± Ri was quoted by participants as saying after an official of the ruling Democratic Party introduced Kim as the DP official managing the government¡¯s budget at a dinner in Pyongyang on Oct. 5. 

Group has many plans for resort 
A Seoul-based pro-unification civic group led by the youngest son of former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung, whose engagement of Pyongyang won him the Nobel Peace Prize in 2000, gathered with North Korean officials over the past weekend at the Mount Kumgang resort to mark the group¡¯s 20th birthday. 

The Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation (KCRC), headed by Kim Hong-gul, 54, said in a press release Monday that both sides agreed to boost cooperation and engagement at all levels. 

Blocked by South Korean sanctions that ban tourism in Mount Kumgang, the group said it would ¡°actively pursue ¡¦ the opening¡± of the resort by holding events on womankind, youth and academic conferences there, boosting sociocultural exchanges between the two countries. 

Mount Kumgang, located at the southeastern edge of North Korea¡¯s Kangwon Province, was a linchpin of inter-Korean cooperation before a South Korean tourist was fatally shot there by a North Korean guard in July 2008. After the North opened a tourist zone at the scenic area in 1998, some two million South Koreans visited until the fatal shooting, which prompted Seoul to impose a travel ban. 

The KCRC said it agreed with its North Korean counterpart, the Consultative Council for National Reconciliation, to hold a joint symposium before March 2019 on Korean victims of forced labor during Japan¡¯s colonial rule of the peninsula in the early 20th century. Working-level talks on the symposium as well as the formation of unified committees on forced labor and sociocultural exchanges will be held in early December, the press release continued.

The KCRC said it conveyed ¡°various¡± business proposals to the North, including one from a South Korean company that suggested a march across the peninsula for college students from both Koreas. 

The North was said to have replied it would ¡°positively review¡± the proposals and added it hoped South Korean conservative lawmakers will visit the North to directly talk with them while ¡°seeing the reality.¡±

Conservative opposition lawmakers snubbed South Korean President Moon Jae-in¡¯s invitation to accompany him to Pyongyang in late September for his third summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. 

The 20th anniversary event was held from Saturday to Sunday with 256 people participating from the South and about 120 people from the North. South Korean attendees included KCRC Chairman Kim Hong-gul; Rep. Sul-hoon, a member of the Supreme Council within the ruling Democratic Party (DP); DP Rep. Kim Han-jung; DP Rep. Lee Jae-jung; Kim Ju-young, president of the Federation of Korean Trade Unions; and Choe Keum-sook, president of the Korean National Council of Women, among others.

The North¡¯s side was represented by Kim Yong-dae, chairman of the Consultative Council for National Reconciliation, and other officials.

Several North Korean officials asked a JoongAng Ilbo reporter who was part of the South Korean delegation covering the event how the U.S. midterm election results would impact South-North and North-U.S. relations.

Assembly budget board holds its first meeting 
A special parliamentary budget committee held its first meeting Monday to review the government¡¯s proposal for next year¡¯s budget.

The ruling Democratic Party (DP) is trying to defend the record-high 470.5 trillion-won ($412.4 billion) budget proposal. But the main opposition Liberty Korea Party (LKP) vowed to sharply cut spending plans to create short-term jobs and help inter-Korean ties.

The government is pushing for expansionary fiscal spending next year to prop up the slowing economy and buttress President Moon Jae-in¡¯s peace initiative with North Korea. The proposal included a record 23.5 trillion won in funds for job creation and increased expenditure on social welfare and inter-Korean projects.

¡°Expansionary fiscal spending is needed to preemptively respond to economic headwinds and vitalize the local economy,¡± Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon told lawmakers at the meeting.

The DP said that next year¡¯s budget will be spent on building an ¡°inclusive country¡± where people live well together.

¡°The party will focus on keeping the budget proposal intact as much as possible as it will back up the Moon government¡¯s management of state affairs,¡± Cho Jeong-sik, a DP lawmaker, said at a press briefing.

He countered claims by opposition parties that the government¡¯s spending plan on short-term job creation and inter-Korean ties is nothing but pork barrel spending.

In particular, the LKP insisted that the government is attempting to make up for its policy failures with a fiscal spending binge with taxpayer money.

¡°Of the total job budget, the money allocated to creating jobs through fiscal spending will account for just 16 percent, and the rest will be the government¡¯s existing job-related subsidies,¡± Cho said.

He also said that the state inter-Korean cooperation fund should not be cut at all.

The government set aside 1.1 trillion won for the fund in 2019 by taking into account a potential increase in inter-Korean cooperative projects amid rapprochement on the Korean Peninsula.

¡°Next year¡¯s budget size is similar to the five-year average of the fund worth 1.1 trillion won,¡± Cho said. ¡°We cannot let the budget be cut by even a cent.¡±

Trump trumpets ties with Kim 
U.S. President Donald Trump boasted about his North Korea policy achievements at a rally days before midterm elections scheduled for Tuesday, commenting that his relationship with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was ¡°very good.¡± 

¡°We are getting to a point where they really want to do something,¡± he said, apparently referring to the North¡¯s promise for denuclearization in exchange for sanctions relief and a guarantee of regime security during a rally in Missouri Thursday. Touching on the fact that North Korea has not conducted any missile or nuclear tests since last November, President Trump boasted, ¡°And we¡¯re not going to have to worry about millions of lives being lost and nuclear weapons going up all over the place and flying over Japan and everybody else.¡±

Trump¡¯s boasts of resolving the North Korean nuclear problem suggested he was trying to use the issue to rally support from voters for the upcoming midterm elections, which are seen as a referendum on his performance as commander in chief over the past two years. The outcome could also harden Trump¡¯s position on North Korea if election results are not favorable to his Republican Party. 

Celebrating his North Korea policy achievements, Trump said, ¡°We¡¯ve got our hostages back right, we¡¯re getting the remains,¡± referring to the return of remains of U.S. soldiers killed during the 1950-53 Korean War. ¡°I don¡¯t know if you saw how beautiful that was ¡¦ [U.S. Vice President] Mike Pence went to Hawaii. The remains of our great heroes from so many years ago are being sent back.¡±

Continuing his optimistic take, he remarked, ¡°If you read the papers today, it came out to the surprise of a lot of people - not a surprise to me - that they don¡¯t mind having people come over, the experts and check the sites.¡± While he did not specify what those sites were, he was likely to be referring to the Tongchang-ri missile engine test site. North Korea has agreed to invite foreign experts to inspect its dismantlement. 

The North¡¯s promise to allow foreign experts to verify the test site¡¯s termination is stipulated in the Pyongyang Declaration signed by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Sept. 19 in the North Korean capital. 

On economic sanctions on the North, Trump said he hoped to take the sanctions off ¡°down the road¡± under the premise that it takes concrete denuclearization steps. ¡°We haven¡¯t taken sanctions off. And hopefully, we¡¯ll be able to when we¡¯re down the road. We want to take the sanctions off. We want North Korea to be very successful,¡± he continued. 

Trump¡¯s affirmation that sanctions still remain imposed on the Pyongyang regime is in line with a comment by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in which he said the United States ¡°will keep the economic pressure in place¡± until the North¡¯s denuclearization promise is delivered. 

¡°I¡¯m confident that we will keep the economic pressure in place until such time as Chairman Kim fulfills the commitment he made to President Trump back in June in Singapore,¡± the U.S. top diplomat said in an interview with Fox News Friday. 

He went on to note that he will be having a meeting with North Korea¡¯s ¡°number two person¡± sometime this week to discuss the North¡¯s denuclearization. Echoing President Moon¡¯s assurance that Kim was sincere about denuclearization, Pompeo remarked the North Korean leader ¡°has made clear his intention to denuclearize¡± in each of their meeting together. 

Pompeo¡¯s remark that economic pressure will remain in place until the denuclearization commitment is fulfilled, however, drew a angry reaction from the North Friday evening, warning it could return to a two-track policy of pursuing both economic development and nuclear program, known as byongjin, if the United States does not show changes in its stance and continued to ¡°act arrogantly,¡± in a statement run under the name of a North Korean foreign affairs ministry official and carried by the Korean Central News Agency. 

¡°If the U.S. does not heed our repeated demands and does not show any change of stance and act arrogantly, we might adopt another path in addition to the economic growth policy adopted in April, brining back the term ¡®byongjin.¡¯ Such a change in position could seriously be reconsidered,¡± the statement read. 


Ri Son-gwon plays bad cop to South¡¯s visitors 
Ri Son-gwon, a senior North Korean official, poked fun at the Democratic Party (DP) Rep. Kim Tae-nyeon¡¯s pot belly during an inter-Korean event in Pyongyang last month, according to participants in the event.

¡°Those with a pot belly should not be entrusted with a budget,¡± Ri was quoted by participants as saying after an official of the ruling Democratic Party introduced Kim as the DP official managing the government¡¯s budget at a dinner in Pyongyang on Oct. 5.

A 160-member group of government officials and members of civic groups visited Pyongyang from Oct. 4 to 6 to commemorate the inter-Korean summit of 2007 for the first time.

Ri is the chairman of the North¡¯s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country, which handles inter-Korean relations.

This is not the first time Ri¡¯s remarks aimed at South Koreans raised eyebrows.

It was revealed during a parliamentary audit in late October that Ri had scolded South Korean business tycoons in September when they visited Pyongyang with South Korean President Moon Jae-in as part of his delegation for the third summit between Moon and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.

Over a lunch with the tycoons, including executives of Samsung, SK and LG, Ri asked, ¡°Do the cold noodles go down your throat?¡± 

In Korean, the expression is a way of scolding someone for being too comfortable. The South Korean delegation at the time was eating a bowl of Pyongyang-style naengmyeon (cold noodles) at the famed Okryu Restaurant. 

The South¡¯s Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon confirmed Ri¡¯s comment during a parliamentary audit on Oct. 29.

As local media outlets reacted to the comment, some members of the DP tried to tone down the news.

¡°Stop making up gossip,¡± Rep. Kim told reporters on Sunday after a meeting at the National Assembly. 

When asked if Ri had indeed commented on his pot belly, Kim laughed and did not deny the comment. To a reporter¡¯s question on whether the comment was made ¡°in all seriousness,¡± Kim said it was not.

¡°North Korean people tend to tell blunt jokes anyway,¡± a member of the DP told Yonhap News over the phone on Sunday. ¡°Sometimes the jokes may carry more meaning behind the words, but we do the same, too. We need to understand [Ri¡¯s comments] in context. It could have been a lighthearted joke in a friendly manner.¡±

Recent comments by Ri drew some consternation among opposition lawmakers.

¡°The cold noodle comment is just humiliating,¡± the Liberty Korea Party floor leader Kim Sung-tae said in a radio show on CBS on Friday. ¡°Sure we need inter-Korean relations to improve, but these are executives of top companies of South Korea we are talking about - someone should have protested this comment right then and there.¡±

Some experts attributed Ri¡¯s recent comments as typical of his personality.

¡°Ri has a hasty personality,¡± said Moon Seong-mook, chief of Unification Strategy Center of Korea Research Institute for National Strategy, who met Ri in person over inter-Korean military talks in the 2000s. ¡°He would put on a hard persona over these talks.¡±

Others said Ri¡¯s jokes are a part of his strategy.

¡°Ri¡¯s comments are not unplanned,¡± said Nam Sung-wook, a professor of North Korea studies at Korea University. ¡°North Korean counterparts always have a plan on what roles they will play in these meetings. Through Ri¡¯s comments, the North is telling the South to choose either the North or the United States.¡±

¡°If North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is playing the good cop,¡± Moon said, ¡°then Ri is playing the bad cop.¡±

IMF alum to head Moon¡¯s Northern committee 
The Blue House on Sunday appointed Kwon Goo-hoon, chief Korea economist and strategist at Goldman Sachs, as head of the Presidential Committee on Northern Economic Cooperation, which seeks to foster economic cooperation with northern states, including North Korea. 

Kwon¡¯s appointment came more than three months after Song Young-gil, former committee chairman, quit the post in July to run for the ruling Democratic Party¡¯s top post, leaving the position vacant until Sunday. 

Kwon, who joined the global investment firm in 2007, earned a Ph.D. in economics from Harvard University in 1992 and a B.A. in economics from Seoul National University in 1987. Before joining Goldman Sachs, he worked at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), having served as a resident representative of the IMF in Ukraine in 1997 and Russia between 2001 and 2004. 

¡°Kwon will offer his expertise and creativity to help find new growth momentum for our economy while enhancing cooperation with Eurasian nations in various fields such as energy,¡± said Yoon Young-chan, spokesman for the Blue House. 

Launched in December 2017, the special-purpose committee aims at expanding economic cooperation with the Russian Far East, Northeast Asia and Eurasia through opening economic ties with North Korea, a prospect President Moon Jae-in said would contribute to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula. 

The appointment came as speculation has been rising that the Blue House is about to implement a cabinet reshuffle in the coming weeks. Particular attention has been on the fate of Kim Dong-yeon, the finance minister who also serves as deputy prime minister for economic affairs, and Jang Ha-sung, Moon¡¯s policy chief. 

Kim and Jang are considered the architects of Moon¡¯s economic agenda, defined by three major parts: income-led growth, innovative growth and a fair economy. To implement income-led growth, the government has called for drastic minimum wage hikes and has set the minimum wage for next year at 8,350 won ($7.46), 10.89 percent more than this year¡¯s 7,530 won. 

While it remains to be seen if the two will step down, it is expected that Kim will leave his post after the government¡¯s 470.5 trillion won budget plan for next year is approved by the National Assembly early next month. Dec. 2 is the legal deadline for the annual budget to be approved by lawmakers, although they often miss the deadline. 

The presidential office could also replace cabinet members who have seats in the National Assembly, such as Interior Minister Kim Boo-kyum and Land Minister Kim Hyun-mee, so they could return to the Assembly to prepare for the April 2020 general election. 

If current approval ratings for Moon and his ruling Democratic Party (DP) are sustained, the current parliamentary landscape is likely to change in favor of the ruling DP, which commands 40-percent popularity, while the major opposition Liberty Korea Party, which commands a low-20 percent range and 112 seats in the 299-member Assembly, could lose seats. 

Banner Year for Female Candidates Doesn¡¯t Extend to Republican Women 

It is the year of the woman, all right. But only for Democrats. 

 The number of Republican women in Congress next year will actually drop, even as the ranks of Democratic women swell to record heights. With a few races still undecided, the new Congress will have at least 105 Democratic women and 19 Republican women.

But that is not all: From Congress to governor to state legislatures, many more Democratic women ran in this cycle than Republican women. And that means fewer Republican women on the bench, gathering experience and credentials to move up to the next level.

As the incoming freshman class of the 116th Congress gathers in Washington this week for orientation, the only Republican woman attending was Carol Miller of West Virginia (she could be joined by a few others whose races are still too close to call).

¡°I know that we need to up our game on the Republican end,¡± said Kelly Ayotte, the former Republican senator from New Hampshire who is on the board of Winning for Women, which was founded last year to encourage and finance Republican women to run for office.

 Ms. Ayotte cautioned that one election cycle ? particularly a midterm election when the party out of power typically makes gains and many Republican women were  reluctant to run in what looked like a Democratic year ? should not be seen as a trend. But political scientists who track women in public office note a longstanding disparity  between the number of Democratic and Republican women at the federal and statewide levels. 

 ¡°There¡¯s been a Republican woman problem for a while ? it didn¡¯t start this year,¡± said Kelly Dittmar, a political scientist at the Center for American Women and Politics. ¡°But  it is illuminated by the fact that when you drop by one, two, three or four, you¡¯re getting down to such a small level of representation for women because you had no  padding.¡±

 In Congress, the last drop in the number of Republican women was after the 2012 elections, between the 112th and 113th Congress, when it fell from 29 to 23.

 Sign Up for On Politics With Lisa Lerer
 A spotlight on the people reshaping our politics. A conversation with voters across the country. And a guiding hand through the endless news cycle, telling you what you  really need to know.

 Less attention has been paid to state legislatures, which are particularly important to increasing the number of women in office because they have been traditional  steppingstones and training grounds. Currently, about 61 percent of women in state legislatures are Democrats and about 38 percent are Republicans.

 Envoys celebrate Public Diplomacy Night


 Ambassadors and spouses from some 40 countries, Korean government and officials, and other dignitaries pose for a commemorative photo for the second Public Diplomacy Night hosted by the Korea JoongAng Daily and the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies on Wednesday in Gangnam District, southern Seoul. From the front row, left: Yoon Soon-gu, Korean deputy minister of foreign affairs; Kim Yun-seek, dean of the Corps of Honorary Consuls in Korea; Park In-kook, president of the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies; Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon; Lee Hong-koo, former Korean prime minister; Kang Nan-hee, the mayor¡¯s wife; Jung Soon-kyun, head of the Gangnam District Office, and his wife, Choi Young-mi; and Ryu Kwon-ha, chief executive officer of the Korea JoongAng Daily, behind Choi.
Over 100 members of the diplomatic corps, Korean government officials, the Seoul mayor and the heads of district offices, military cadets and scholars gathered in southern Seoul for the Korea JoongAng Daily¡¯s Public Diplomacy Night to honor diplomats¡¯ contribution to local outreach and peace on the Korean Peninsula. 

Ambassadors and their spouses from nearly 40 countries attended the event, which was held for the second time this year and co-hosted by the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies. 

Many of these diplomats or their predecessors shared glimpses of their home country through the Korea JoongAng Daily¡¯s ¡°Cooking with Her Excellency¡± series in 2015, ¡°At Home with Her Excellency¡± series in 2016, ¡°Trading Places¡± series in 2017 and ¡°Capital Connections¡± series this year. 

Diplomats and their spouses from nearly 40 countries mingle at a cocktail reception at the 2018 Public Diplomacy Night at the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies on Wednesday in Gangnam District, southern Seoul.
Officials gathered at the event agreed diplomacy is increasingly being practiced by nontraditional actors. 

But speakers also focused on the role of public diplomacy in bringing about a denuclearized and peaceful Korean Peninsula. 

¡°Thanks to the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games held earlier this year in February, the prospects for peace on the Korean Peninsula have become quite tangible,¡± said Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said in his keynote address.

Park said that he met earlier this week with International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach to discuss a joint South and North Korean bid for the 2032 Olympic Games. 

 ¡°The PyeongChang Olympics Games is a starting point,¡± said Park. ¡°The Olympics in 2032 will be the concluding point of peace and unification on the Korean Peninsula.

 Left: EU Ambassador to Seoul Michael Reiterer, center, is presented with the 2018 Ambassador of Public Diplomacy Award by Kim Yun-seek, dean of the Corps of Honorary  Consuls in Korea, left, and Ryu Kwon-ha, CEO of the Korea JoongAng Daily, right. Right: Violinist Park Ji-hae performs the Korean folk song ¡°Arirang¡± for foreign and local  dignitaries.
 ¡°In this time of transition, I believe that we need to focus on cities - cities are the ones that can realize peace and prosperity in the lives of the citizens,¡± Park also said. ¡°City  governments have more freedom when it comes to politics, compared to national governments, and they have more liberty when pursuing cooperation with other cities in  the world. So in this sense, urban diplomacy is a key element in public diplomacy.¡±

 Seoul has sister city and friendship city relations with 68 cities in 48 countries around the world.

 The Korea JoongAng Daily, along with the Corps of Honorary Consuls of Korea, also awarded the Public Diplomacy Ambassador of 2018 to Michael Reiterer, the ambassador of the European Union to Korea.

 ¡°Public diplomacy is as much about listening as it is about talking, as much about understanding as it is about explaining - it is about communication as opposed to disseminating information only,¡± said Reiterer. ¡°The goal is to create a better understanding, a basis for cooperation leading to joint action and mutual support because we know we share interests and values, we know what we have to work or fight for, to realize or to defend.¡±

 He added that the diplomatic corps¡¯ contribution to public diplomacy to enhance understanding and cooperation with the Korean people ¡°will also contribute to the overarching goal here on the peninsula - peace through denuclearization followed by cooperation and development.¡±

 Left: Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon delivers his keynote speech. Center: Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, second from left, and his wife, Kang Nan-hee, left, pose with Korean cadets. Right: Ambassadors view a photo exhibition from the Korea JoongAng Daily¡¯s annual ¡°Public Diplomacy¡± series, which features the theme ¡°Capital Connections¡± this year.
 Reiterer participates in ¡°EU Goes to School,¡± a program run together by the EU Delegation in Seoul and the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education. In the program, the ambassadors of EU countries visit local middle and high schools to communicate directly with students about the values and cultures about their representative countries. 

 Other speakers included Lee Hong-koo, a former Korean prime minister; Yoon Soon-gu, the Korean Foreign Ministry¡¯s deputy minister for political affairs, Park In-kook, president of the Chey Institute for Advanced Studies and Jung Soon-kyun, head of the Gangnam District Office. 

 Around 100 diplomats and dignitaries listen to speakers at the second Public Diplomacy Night. 
Yoon, Korea¡¯s deputy foreign minister, said that ¡°Constant and continuous interaction between the government and the public is essential to diplomacy.¡±

 He continued, ¡°I think the next few years are crucial for fundamentally changing the landscape of the peninsula and its neighboring regions,¡± which cannot happen ¡°without the support and encouragement from the international community.¡± Yoon said that Korea should ¡°seize that golden opportunity to secure peace here once and for all.¡±

 ¡°We can have a peaceful Korean Peninsula only if there is a peaceful Asia-Pacific,¡± said former Korean Prime Minister Lee Hong-koo. ¡°On the other hand, as long as we have a very volatile situation on the Korean Peninsula, there cannot be peace in the Asia-Pacific. We need to solve this one way or another.¡±

 Hyundai Motor rejects renewed Gwangju plan

 Hyundai Motor refused a revised plan that removed a restriction on collective wage bargaining at a proposed plant in Gwangju, further complicating plans for the factory.

 A council with representatives from the local government and area employers, labor unions and citizens on Wednesday agreed to remove a clause from the agreement that would have suspended collective bargaining for about five years at the new joint venture between the Gwangju city government and Hyundai Motor.

 The new company will be hiring workers for a production plant to be built on 628,000 square meters (155 acres) of land in the Bitgreen National Industrial Complex. The venture is the first in Korea to bring government and private industry together in the formation of a new manufacturing facility. 

 Union representatives strongly protested the clause, calling it toxic. 

Rather than pushing the clause, the council decided to offer three alternative proposals to Hyundai Motor. The city and the automaker will continue negotiations today. 

¡°Over time, Hyundai Motor and the labor union have retreated in their demands,¡± said Lee Byung-hoon, Gwangju vice mayor. ¡°But the suspension of the wage bargaining clause was the biggest issue.¡±

After the announcement was made, it was Hyundai that refused the proposal. 

¡°We cannot help but to point out the repeated revisions and backtracking [done by the Gwangju government],¡± Hyundai said through a statement. 

In the first meeting held at 10:30 a.m., all nine labor representatives, including Yoon Jong-hae, head of the Federation of Korean Trade Union¡¯s Gwangju office, refused to attend in protest of the wage bargaining ban. 

The agreement between Gwangju city and the Korean automaker had included a clause in which wage negotiations were to be suspended until the cumulative production of compact SUVs reached 350,000 units. As Hyundai Motor guaranteed a minimum of 70,000 units a year, the labor union estimated that it would take about five years before the employees at the new plant would be able to negotiate. 

The meeting resumed at 3 p.m., and Yoon joined, raising the number of attendees to 22 out of a possible 28. 

The plant proposal has been under a tight deadline as an agreement needs to be reached before the National Assembly passes the budget. The ruling Democratic Party has announced that it plans to pass next year¡¯s budget no later than today. 

Meeting the budget deadline is crucial as the city needs government funding to build the necessary infrastructure, including housing that will cost roughly 300 billion won ($269 million). 

The Gwangju plant project, first proposed in June 2014, has generated significant public interest as it could keep manufacturing jobs in Korea and contribute to the revitalization of the regional economy. It would also help ease the burden of high labor costs.

The plan is for the Gwangju government and Hyundai Motor to create a new joint-venture company. The new Hyundai Motor plant will have the capacity to produce 100,000 compact SUVs a year. 

One of the key factors in this new job creation model is that employees will receive an annual salary of 35 million won, 38 percent of the 92 million won average salaries of Hyundai Motor workers.

 Chinese firm to open Korea¡¯s 1st for-profit hospital in Jeju

 The governor of Jeju announced on Wednesday that he will allow a Chinese company to open Korea¡¯s first for-profit hospital in Seogwipo. The decision immediately prompted backlash from local protestors.
Jeju Gov. Won Hee-ryong granted permission to a Chinese company to open Korea¡¯s first for-profit hospital on the southern island Wednesday.

Won¡¯s announcement spurred backlash from local protesters, who fear that the new hospital may undermine the country¡¯s public health care system and inflate medical bills.

All hospitals in Korea are currently run by nonprofit corporations that reinvest revenue in the hospital. For-profit hospitals, on the other hand, are run by corporations that distribute revenue to stockholders.

Won gave the green light to Greenland Group, one of China¡¯s largest real estate developers, over a year after the Chinese company completed construction work for the Greenland International Hospital in Seogwipo, Jeju Island, in July 2017. The Shanghai-based Greenland Group has since been waiting for final approval for operation from the Jeju government, which delayed making the call due to fierce opposition from local civic groups.

Greenland¡¯s decision to go ahead with construction plans for Greenland International Hospital was based off of permission granted by Korea¡¯s Ministry of Health and Welfare in December 2015, during the conservative administration of former President Park Geun-hye. Greenland started building the hospital in April 2016.

The first time that Korea¡¯s central government allowed the country to host a for-profit hospital was in 2002, under the Kim Dae-jung administration. The progressive president envisioned Korea becoming the ¡°medical hub of Northeast Asia,¡± but no for-profit hospital actually opened in Korea during Kim¡¯s administration.

Jeju officials said Wednesday that the province had no other choice but to allow Greenland to operate on Jeju because failing to do so could ¡°severely¡± damage the province¡¯s international credit rating. Won said the for-profit hospital will only be allowed to provide medical services to foreign visitors to Jeju in its four departments: plastic surgery, dermatology, internal medicine and family medicine. 

The Jeju governor apologized for ignoring conclusions by a committee of experts who formally recommended that the island turn down the Chinese company. 

¡°Please understand that I¡¯ve made an inevitable choice for the future of Jeju after a long period of consideration,¡± Won said Wednesday. 

The Jeju government explained that Greenland International Hospital will not affect Korea¡¯s medical system because Korean nationals will not be allowed to receive services there.

After Greenland finished building the international hospital in July 2017, it hired 134 medical workers and waited for the Jeju government to allow the hospital to start operating. The Chinese company has claimed that the delay caused 850 million won ($763,000) in damages every month. If Won had postponed making a decision any further, Jeju officials claimed that Greenland could have taken the case to court for compensation.

A confederation of around 30 groups in Jeju opposed to the commercialization of medical services said in a joint statement on Wednesday that Won would not have allowed the Chinese company to open a hospital in Jeju had he respected the expert committee¡¯s opinion. The confederation added that they were ¡°dubious¡± of Won¡¯s reasoning behind his decision to grant approval to the Chinese company nevertheless.

President of KAIST is accused of embezzling 

The president of KAIST, Korea¡¯s top science and engineering university, is the target of a government inquiry that some suspect to be politically motivated. 

The Science Ministry on Tuesday issued a request to KAIST¡¯s board of trustees that it suspend Shin Sung-chul, KAIST¡¯s incumbent president, six days after it formally recommended he be criminally charged for embezzlement and breach of duty. 

The board will decide whether to suspend Shin after an internal meeting next Thursday.

¡°I cannot help but feel devastated that such accusations are being brought up now,¡± Shin said at a press conference at KAIST on Tuesday. ¡°We already received a detailed government audit at DGIST [his former workplace where the irregularities are supposed to have occurred] back in 2016.¡±

But analysts are claiming political motives are behind the investigation. 

Shin¡¯s alleged misconduct dates to his days as the founding president of the Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science & Technology (DGIST), a lesser known public science and engineering institute located in Daegu. 

DGIST signed a memorandum of understanding with an American research institute in February 2012. The Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL) - better known as Berkeley Lab - agreed to provide DGIST with cutting edge research equipment from its Center for X-ray Optics in exchange for research fees from DGIST. 

Six years later, a government audit concluded that DGIST had paid Berkeley Lab twice as much as it needed to. 

¡°According to the MOU contract, DGIST was allowed to use Berkeley Lab¡¯s research equipment for free yet it paid the Berkeley Lab public money granted to it by a local government and public research foundations,¡± said Park No-jae, an auditor at the Ministry of Science and ICT. 

Shin has also been accused of pulling strings to hire one of his former students who formerly worked as a researcher at Berkeley Lab. 

¡°There is no agreement in the contract that states Berkeley Lab would provide use rights for its equipment for free,¡± Shin said on Tuesday. ¡°The payment made to them was meant to get exclusive use rights for up to half of the equipment, based on requests from researchers at home.¡± He added that the money paid to Berkeley Lab was not from public grants, but from DGIST¡¯s own funds. 

With regards to the appointment of his former student, surnamed Lim, as a professor at DGIST, Shin denied that he exerted influence in the hiring, and that it was decided naturally as a result of Lim¡¯s experience both at DGIST and Berkeley Lab. According to Shin, Lim proved himself through his research and his role was critical in the cooperation between the two institutes. 

Analysts, and even a KAIST professor, cast doubts on the true motives behind the government¡¯s pursuit of Shin.

¡°Even if the government¡¯s accusations are true, it is unclear how Shin can be accused of embezzlement when he himself did not take the money,¡± said Lee Byung-tae, a professor at KAIST¡¯s Graduate School of Management. ¡°Science Minister You Young-min himself said the issue was out of his hands, but this recent move looks like it has the Blue House behind it.¡±

Lee added that Shin¡¯s decision to appoint Lim as a professor was completely within the realm of his discretion as university president. If wrongdoing is indeed clear, the board of trustees at KAIST can easily decide on their own to fire Shin, Lee said. 

Shin has refused to step down from his position, saying he would make that decision once the board meets and reaches a conclusion.

An elementary school colleague of former President Park Geun-hye, Shin became KAIST¡¯s president last February amid a controversial selection process in which he was accused of being a political appointment. Shin has not complained of political persecution.

Hanwha bolsters its aerospace business 
Sky¡¯s the limit as revamped unit invests in engine production 

Engineers from Hanwha Aerospace screen engine components at the company¡¯s facility in Changwon, South Gyeongsang.
Hanwha Group has recently strengthened its aerospace business by transferring all of its scattered related businesses to Hanwha Aerospace, which changed its name from Hanwha Techwin in April to be better recognized as an aircraft engine maker. 

Under the new name, the company hopes to expand its presence in the aerospace business with a special focus on aircraft engine parts, which it has been making since the late 1970s. It was one of the earliest businesses adopted by the Korean conglomerate, which started off as a defense company making explosives in 1952.

The group has set it sights back on the traditional engine business as the global aircraft engine market is expected to grow into a $54.2 billion industry by 2025, expanding at an average six percent annually, Hanwha said Wednesday. The growth is backed by an increasing number of air passengers and fleet expansion by air carriers, especially low-cost carriers.

The global aircraft engine market is dominated by three major players - Pratt & Whitney (P&W), General Electric and Rolls Royce - which accounts for up to 80 percent of the market. As a latecomer to the market, Hanwha Aerospace didn¡¯t have a large standing until recently. It maintained its business mostly by supplying parts to bigger engine makers and had little authority on the design side, as it produced parts following designs provided by its customers. 

Things started to change, though, in 2015 when it was selected as a partner for P&W¡¯s Risk and Revenue Sharing Program. The program distributes costs and revenue incurred during the development and sales of an aircraft engine in accordance with a participating party¡¯s share in the project. Such programs are common in the industry since it is risky and costly to develop a new aircraft engine, even for giant companies like the dominant three engine makers.

Among the roughly 150 engine part makers globally, only about the top eight companies, including Germany¡¯s MTU, U.K.-based GKN and Italy¡¯s Avio, have been selected to join in the risk sharing program, according to Hanwha.

¡°Hanwha Aerospace has further enhanced its status as a key strategic partner of P&W by joining our risk sharing partnership program,¡± said Dave Emmering, vice president of group strategy and development at P&W. ¡°Hanwha Aerospace is an important part of the success of our Geared Turbofan programs.¡± 

Geared turbo fan engines, which use a gearbox to make fans spin at optimal speeds, are fuel-efficient and quieter than the more common turbofan aircraft engines. Hanwha supplies middle turbine frames and integrally bladed rotors, which are both core parts of a geared turbo fan, for P&W. Those parts were co-developed with P&W under the risk and revenue sharing partnership.

While the Korean engine maker injected 48 billion won ($43 million) into developing geared turbo fan engines with P&W last year, about 90 billion won of additional investment is planned for this and next year. Hanwha said it will continue to make investments until 2025.

Thanks to the massive investments in engine development and the risk and revenue sharing program with P&W, Hanwha was able to secure long-term parts supply deals worth $17.1 billion with the three major global engine makers over the last four years, the company said.

¡°While the risk and revenue sharing program has high barriers to entry and the initial investment cost is more than several trillion won during the engine building period, it is a program we have to join to become a specialized engine manufacturer,¡± said Shin Hyun-woo, president of Hanwha Aerospace. ¡°Like we have maintained roughly 30 years of partnership with P&W, we will continue to expand our aircraft engine business by cementing stronger partnerships with General Electric and Rolls Royce.¡±

To further bolster its standing in the aeroengine market, the company has built its second production base in Vietnam, in addition to its main facility currently in Changwon, South Gyeongsang. A ceremony to commemorate the completion of the factory will be held today.

¡°[The new production base] is expected to start full-scale mass production from next year,¡± said Yoo Dong-wan, head of Hanwha Aerospace¡¯s engine business division. ¡°Then, we will be able to bolster our parts¡¯ cost competitiveness.¡±

In a group-wide effort to support the aerospace business, the conglomerate announced in August that it will inject 4 trillion won into enhancing the global competitiveness of its aerospace and defense businesses until 2022.

Hong hints of moderation in future wage increases 
But adds that Moon¡¯s income-led policies should remain intact 
Hong Nam-ki, finance minister nominee, at a confirmation hearing at the National Assembly in Yeouido, western Seoul, on Tuesday. [YONHAP]
Finance Minister nominee Hong Nam-ki acknowledged the impact of minimum wage increases on the job market and the overall economy, adding that he advocated a change in the way the adjustments are decided.

The nominee was clear that he will continue to push the Moon Jae-in government¡¯s income-led growth economic policies, which are often blamed for recent economic troubles, including job losses for lower-income households. 

He believes that it is an essential tool in addressing the wide income gap in the country.

¡°Starting next year, we will consider the market acceptability of a wage rise, the ability of companies to pay employees more and the economic impact of a rise,¡± nominee Hong said during his confirmation hearing at the National Assembly on Tuesday. 

Hong acknowledged the need for adjusting the rate of the minimum wage increases, adding that he expects the impact from the two rate increases so far will hit the market next year. 

¡°Since the 10.9 percent hike for next year is already decided and enacted under law, the rationalizing of the minimum wage increases will come after next year,¡± Hong said.

The finance minister nominee said he has looked into the possibility of applying different minimum wages according to region, the size of companies, the character of the businesses and the nationality of the workers. But he said, although there is a need to apply different minimum wages, such variations are not easy to apply in the field. 

¡°It would be the right course to have deeper research and, if needed, discuss with the National Assembly,¡± Hong said.

Hong acknowledged the need to adjust minimum wage rises, but he was clear he has no intention of challenging Moon¡¯s income-led growth policy. 

¡°The income-led growth is aiming for short-term effects,¡± Hong said. ¡°The policy effects will become apparent in the second half of next year.¡±

He said the economy is in its current state largely because of structural problems that have been building up over the years and the delay in addressing them. 

Income-led growth ¡°is right,¡± Hong said. ¡°I will be making changes and reinforce areas that failed to meet with market expectations.¡± 

The income-led growth policy is designed to improve job quality and wages to encourage lower and middle-income households to spend more. This spending is seen contributing domestic market growth, which will contribute to sustainable growth and reduce dependency on exports. 

The rapid increase in the minimum wage resulted in layoffs, particularly of those working in temporary jobs in the service industry, including convenience stores and restaurant. 

In the latest report from Statistics Korea, the number of people working in the restaurant and lodging businesses dropped 970,000 in October alone, which is a 4.2 percent decline from a year ago. In wholesale and retail, 100,000 jobs were lost, or 2.6 percent of the total. 

Although the October figure indicates some improvement, the number of new jobs was less than 100,000 for the fourth consecutive month. 

¡°With the replacement of the deputy prime minister, we has some hope about our economy,¡± said Na Kyung-won, the opposition Liberty Korea Party lawmaker. ¡°However, Hong¡¯s remarks send a clear message of not giving up on income-led growth.¡± 

Finance Minister nominee Hong said he sees some Korean economic indicators, including consumption and exports, as being stable, while investment, employment and wealth distribution, the indicators that have the biggest impact on society, struggling. 

¡°The problem is worsening sentiment,¡± Hong said. ¡°What we should be most aware of is the withering sentiment of economic participants and the loss of confidence,¡± Hong said. 

¡°If I am given the opportunity, I will maximize innovation, dynamism, inclusiveness and fairness. Our goal will be to create an inclusive nation where everyone lives well,¡± he added.

 Growth seen in water sector

 Korea aims to expand water industry revenues to 50 trillion won ($45.2 billion) and jobs in the sector to 200,000 by 2030, the Ministry of Environment said Tuesday.

 The ministry unveiled its long-term vision for the water industry, as a cabinet meeting approved the enforcement decree of an act on water management technology development and water industry promotion earlier in the day.

 The water industry act and its enforcement decree are to take effect Dec. 13. The water industry refers to the provision of drinking water as well as wastewater services to residential, commercial and industrial customers.

Government officials said the water industry will not only resolve water-related problems but will play a key role in finding new growth engines.

CPI growth rate remains at 2% for second month 
Working families are hit hard as rice and tomato prices surge  

Inflation is running at a 2 percent rate for the second consecutive month, further burdening lower-income households already struggling to pay bills and make ends meet. 

According to Statistics Korea, consumer prices in November rose 2 percent year-on-year. It also reported a 2 percent rise year-on-year in October.

While consumer prices were up in all categories - from processed goods to utility costs and services - the prices of agricultural and fishery goods rose significantly, increases that affect the dinner tables of average households. 

Agricultural and fishery product prices were up 7.5 percent compared to a year ago. Fresh produce prices were up 14.1 percent year on year. Overall agricultural prices were up 14.4 percent.

Prices of a number of key products grew especially fast. Rice, a staple of most Korean households, surged 23.8 percent. Tomatoes rose 44.4 percent. Meat is cheaper than it was a year ago, with pork prices down 4.4 percent. Egg prices fell 14.3 percent.

Overall, consumer prices in November were down 0.7 percent from the previous month.

¡°The overall inflation is still within target range of 2 percent,¡± said Jang Bo-young, head of the Ministry of Finance and Economy¡¯s price policy division. ¡°However, due to the effect of the heat [in summer] and the relatively lower prices a year ago, [consumer price rises] September through November are slightly higher than those in the first eight months of the year.¡± 

Agricultural products are not alone in quickly becoming more expensive. The CPI rate was high in other categories as well. Processed goods were up 1.5 percent year-on-year, gasoline was up 5.1 percent and diesel 9.1 percent. Utility prices were up 1.5 percent, and natural gas, which is used for cooking and heating, rose 3.5 percent. 

Service industry prices were up 1.5 percent, with apartment management costs climbing 4 percent. 

The latest consumer price report is fuelling concern as it demonstrates that the living conditions of lower-income households, despite government efforts, have been worsening.

According to a study released by Statistics Korea last month, the income inequality gap is now the widest in 11 years. While the average incomes of those in the top 20 percent rose 8.8 percent in the third quarter, the incomes of those in the bottom 20 percent fell 7 percent. 

Last week, the Bank of Korea raised its benchmark rate from 1.5 percent to 1.75 percent, the first increase in a year, a move that is also adding to the burdens of the average household. 

The Finance Ministry said the government is currently working on stabilizing prices by releasing stockpiled agricultural products. It added that the government will work with the private sector so that the recent decline in international crude prices will be reflected in the prices of goods purchased in Korea.

Hyundai Motor rejects renewed Gwangju plan  

Hyundai Motor refused a revised plan that removed a restriction on collective wage bargaining at a proposed plant in Gwangju, further complicating plans for the factory.

A council with representatives from the local government and area employers, labor unions and citizens on Wednesday agreed to remove a clause from the agreement that would have suspended collective bargaining for about five years at the new joint venture between the Gwangju city government and Hyundai Motor.

The new company will be hiring workers for a production plant to be built on 628,000 square meters (155 acres) of land in the Bitgreen National Industrial Complex. The venture is the first in Korea to bring government and private industry together in the formation of a new manufacturing facility. 

Union representatives strongly protested the clause, calling it toxic. 

Rather than pushing the clause, the council decided to offer three alternative proposals to Hyundai Motor. The city and the automaker will continue negotiations today. 

¡°Over time, Hyundai Motor and the labor union have retreated in their demands,¡± said Lee Byung-hoon, Gwangju vice mayor. ¡°But the suspension of the wage bargaining clause was the biggest issue.¡±

After the announcement was made, it was Hyundai that refused the proposal. 

¡°We cannot help but to point out the repeated revisions and backtracking [done by the Gwangju government],¡± Hyundai said through a statement. 

In the first meeting held at 10:30 a.m., all nine labor representatives, including Yoon Jong-hae, head of the Federation of Korean Trade Union¡¯s Gwangju office, refused to attend in protest of the wage bargaining ban. 

The agreement between Gwangju city and the Korean automaker had included a clause in which wage negotiations were to be suspended until the cumulative production of compact SUVs reached 350,000 units. As Hyundai Motor guaranteed a minimum of 70,000 units a year, the labor union estimated that it would take about five years before the employees at the new plant would be able to negotiate. 

The meeting resumed at 3 p.m., and Yoon joined, raising the number of attendees to 22 out of a possible 28. 

The plant proposal has been under a tight deadline as an agreement needs to be reached before the National Assembly passes the budget. The ruling Democratic Party has announced that it plans to pass next year¡¯s budget no later than today. 

Meeting the budget deadline is crucial as the city needs government funding to build the necessary infrastructure, including housing that will cost roughly 300 billion won ($269 million). 

The Gwangju plant project, first proposed in June 2014, has generated significant public interest as it could keep manufacturing jobs in Korea and contribute to the revitalization of the regional economy. It would also help ease the burden of high labor costs.

The plan is for the Gwangju government and Hyundai Motor to create a new joint-venture company. The new Hyundai Motor plant will have the capacity to produce 100,000 compact SUVs a year. 

One of the key factors in this new job creation model is that employees will receive an annual salary of 35 million won, 38 percent of the 92 million won average salaries of Hyundai Motor workers.

SK Innovation wins JoongAng ad award for second year

From left, Korea JoongAng Daily CEO Ryu Kwon-ha, SK Innovation¡¯s PR team manager Oh Se-jin, Air France¡¯s commercial director Chris van Erp and Shinhan Financial Group¡¯s deputy president Jin Ok-dong at the JoongAng Advertising Awards.
SK Innovation¡¯s ¡°around the world¡± ad campaign won top prize at the Korea JoongAng Daily¡¯s annual Advertising Awards on Wednesday.

In its 54th year, the JoongAng Advertising Awards selects the best print ads published in the Korea JoongAng Daily, JoongAng Ilbo and JoongAng Sunday. The results are based on assessments from a group of judges and a reader survey. 

This year, 15,021 readers participated in the online survey.

A total of 25 awards were given by the three publications. The Korea JoongAng Daily selected three English-language print ads. SK Innovation was awarded the grand prize, while Air France went home with the platinum prize and the Shinhan Financial Group won the gold.

SK Innovation took home the Korea JoongAng Daily¡¯s top prize for the second consecutive year. 

Its ¡°around the world¡± print ad showed images of SK conducting business in different countries, including a project to build a car battery factory in Hungary. The concept aligned with the company¡¯s ¡°Deep Change 2.0¡± initiative to diversify from oil refining. 

¡°This year, we used art based on virtual-reality technology in presenting our global businesses,¡± said Lim Su-kil, SK Innovation¡¯s executive vice president in charge of the public relations office. ¡°We thought this method of creativity is somewhat familiar to the public but still can attract attention when used for art.¡±

The print ad was drawn with Google¡¯s tilt brush, a tool to draw and paint on a canvas projected through virtual reality headsets. 

The platinum prize went to the Air France¡¯s ¡°Get Swept Away by Paris¡± ad. In the ad, a model jumps in a dress colored like the French national flag.

¡°This particular ad reflects values like elegance, stability, confidence and our pride as a French company - these are all part of the DNA for Air France,¡± explained Chris van Erp, the company¡¯s commercial director for Korea, Japan and New Caledonia.

Shinhan Financial Group was awarded the gold prize. The ¡°Hope Together¡± ad was part of a corporate social responsibility campaign in which the company organized a wide range of programs to support families facing difficulties, from offering donations to job training.

¡°The Band-Aid on the center signifies our initiative to help families in crisis,¡± said Jin Ok-dong, the deputy president of Shinhan Financial Group. 

Around 100 corporate advertising professionals attended the awards ceremony held at the Westin Chosun Hotel in central Seoul.

FSS uncovers numerous trust account violations 

The country¡¯s financial regulator is set to punish banks and brokerages for illegally selling trust products. 

The Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) announced the results of a probe into eight companies on Wednesday. The examinations were conducted between August and September, and the institutions investigated were Shinhan Bank, Industrial Bank of Korea, Samsung Securities, Kyobo Securities, KB Kookmin Bank, NongHyup Bank, IBK Securities and Mirae Asset Life Insurance. 

While the regulator declined to name the companies in violation of the rules, it did outline the infractions. 

In one case, a company imposed varying commission fees on different clients for the same trust product, with the disparity in charges being as much as 30 times. The practice is in breach of the law as financial companies are required to charge the same commission rates to all customers buying equivalent products. 

In promoting trusts, a company is not allowed to run advertisements that target people at random, but a probe found instances where texts were sent to many numbers to promote a trust. 

With a specified-money trust contract, the trustee manages assets according to a customer¡¯s investment profile and the desired period and purposes of the investment. 

The sellers of such products must meet requirements set by the FSS. But in some cases, unqualified employees sold specified-money trusts. 

In another breach, a company failed to explain the risks associated with trust products, although the law stipulates that the potential benefits and risks must be clearly disclosed. 

The regulator accused some institutions of running trusts in a way that deviates from the requests of clients. 

Trust business records must be kept for at least for 10 years, but there were cases in which companies violated that rule. 

¡°We will punish the companies and people engaging in illicit practices,¡± said an FSS spokesperson.

Gov¡¯t to sell 600 billion won worth of 50-year Treasurys this week 

The Korean government said on Tuesday that it will sell 600 billion won ($542 million) worth of 50-year Treasurys this week in the latest move to gain extra leeway to execute financial policies.

The sale is set to take place on Friday, the Ministry of Economy and Finance said. 

Korea sold a combined 1.525 trillion won worth of 50-year state bonds on three separate occasions earlier this year.

Tourism blasts off in Goheung County 
Space turns out to be less final frontier, more economic opportunity  

Children experience how it feels to walk in space at the National Youth Space Center in Goheung County, South Jeolla, on Nov. 15. This facility simulates walking on the moon.
GOHEUNG COUNTY, South Jeolla - Just a decade ago, Goheung County was an obscure, aging coastal area in the southernmost part of South Jeolla. It was known for having clear, blue waters and producing Korea¡¯s best citrons, but not much else. 

Now, home to Korea¡¯s only space center, Goheung is emerging as a tourist hotspot that welcomes millions of visitors every year.

The transformation began in June 2009 with the opening of the Naro Space Center, Korea¡¯s first satellite launch pad, which was built with 331.4 billion won ($299.9 million) of government funds. 

The successful launch of Naro-1, Korea¡¯s first space launch vehicle to reach orbit, in January 2013 ushered in Goheung¡¯s development as a vibrant aerospace hub. The county now hosts a variety of space-related institutions and facilities, including Naro Space Center¡¯s Space Science Center, which offers overnight student programs, as well as the National Youth Space Center and the Goheung Space and Astronomy Museum. 

The test launch vehicle for the KSLV-II, or Nuri, blasts off into space from Naro Space Center on Nov. 28.
Goheung has now cemented its status as one of Korea¡¯s most popular destinations for school and family trips. Last year alone, some 25,000 elementary, middle and high school students visited the area for field trips, camps and other activities. 

Goheung welcomed a total of 2.75 million visitors in 2015 and 3.52 million in 2016. Last year, the county hosted nearly 4.3 million tourists, 65 times more than the region¡¯s official population count of 65,959.

To attract even more visitors and enrich their experience, Goheung County is now planning to offer a wider range of activities at the Naro Space Center¡¯s Space Science Center. It is currently in talks with the Korea Aerospace Research Institute, which operates the Naro Space Center, to possibly exhibit a launch vehicle for the public to view and set up a zero-gravity simulation zone.

Non-space related attractions like restaurants and museums are also benefiting from the influx of tourists.

¡°Ever since the Naro Space Center opened, group tours have been coming non-stop from spring to fall,¡± said an employee at a restaurant near Naro Space Center.

A new flight test center for both manned and unmanned aerial vehicles is expected to strengthen Goheung County¡¯s reputation as Korea¡¯s aerospace hub even further. Some 56.4 billion won will be invested into the test center, which is set to have a runway that spans 1,200 meters (3,937 feet) in length and 45 meters in width. Construction will begin this month. 

The county is also hoping to build a rocket center by 2025 to facilitate rocket testing and development.

With its new identity as an aerospace hub, Goheung County¡¯s economy has enjoyed a tremendous boost from visitors and industry personnel. 

Goheung County estimates that the annual Goheung Aero-space Festival will bring between 5 to 7 billion won into the local economy every year. The economic impact of the flight test center, once opened, is estimated to reach 3 billion won.

Goheung¡¯s gross regional domestic product (GRDP) has also risen by over 37 percent in the past decade. Its GRDP recorded 914.6 billion won in 2006, but reached 1.255 trillion won in 2016, according to the South Jeolla provincial government.

¡°The completion of the flight test center will attract businesses from the drone and aviation industries, adding to Goheung¡¯s image as a true aerospace hub,¡± said a Goheung County officer who oversees aerospace affairs.

Koreans living longer, women No. 3 in OECD 

Korean women are ranked third in the OECD for average life expectancy. 

According to Statistics Korea 2017 figures, Koreans are now expected to live on average 82.7 years. That¡¯s 3.5 more years than 10 years ago and 0.3 years longer than in 2016. 

For men, the life expectancy of those born last year is estimated to be 79.7 years. This is 0.4 years longer compared to those born in 2016. As a result, the life expectancy for Korean men ranks at 15th. 

Women, who generally live longer than men, saw their average life expectancy at 85.7 years. This is 0.3 years longer than those born a year ago. The average life expectancy puts Korean women in third place among OECD member countries. 

In the OECD, only women in Japan (87.1) and Spain (86.3) live longer on average.

For Korean men, the life expectancy is 1.8 years longer compared to the OECD average, while for Korean women it is 2.4 years longer. 

Life expectancy figures for most OECD countries are based on data from 2016. Mexico is the only other country among the OECD with a 2017 figure. 

Statistics Korea said people in Korea now 60 years old are estimated to live an additional 22.8 years for men and 27.4 years for women. That¡¯s 2.8 more years for men compared to 10 years and 2.7 more years for women. 

The increasing life expectancy could become a problem for society, with more people having to work to later in life. 

This could also mean that the government will have to continue increasing its welfare budget. The Moon Jae-in government has already increased next year¡¯s budget on health and welfare to its highest level ever, at 138.7 trillion won ($124.8 billion). This spending is 29.5 percent of the 470.5 trillion won total budget. 

By regions, Seoulites lived the longest, with life expectancy at 84.1 years, followed by Gyeonggi residents at 83.1 years. 

Areas with the lowest life expectancy are North Chungcheong and South Gyeongsang, tied with a life expectancy of 81.9 years. 

The statistics agency said one of the reasons the life expectancy of those in the cities is higher than those outside urban areas is largely due to access to better-quality medical facilities. 

Cancer remains the biggest cause of death, accounting for 21.1 percent of the total. This is a slight improvement from the 21.5 percent of 10 years ago, but is much higher than the 17.3 percent of total deaths 20 years ago. 

The statistics agency estimates that, if not for cancer, men will live 4.8 additional years and women 2.8 additional years. 

While cancer has declined relative to other diseases, there has been a significant surge in death by pneumonia, which accounted for 8.9 percent of the total, up from 2.7 percent in 2007 and 1.1 percent in 1997. 

According to Statistics Korea, death by pneumonia is increasing largely because average life expectancy is increasing and older people are more likely to die from the disease. 

¡°Pneumonia is one of the main diseases that senior citizens suffer from,¡± said Kim Jin, head of the statistics agency¡¯s population census division. ¡°People dying of old age is increasing and so is the figure for pneumonia.¡±

Two-day internship under fire 
Kepco E&C¡¯s plan is slated as an attempt to bolster job numbers 
Kepco E&C, a subsidiary under state-run Korea Electric Power Corporation, is introducing a two-day internship program amid the government¡¯s drive to increase job numbers in the public sector.

This is the first time that the company has offered an internship for such a short period.

The program is facing criticism that it was simply created to produce results under the government¡¯s efforts to improve employment figures.

Kepco E&C will provide the two-day program in two stages for 65 interns each. The 130 interns will be paid 160,000 won ($144) for the two days working at the headquarters of Kepco E&C in Gimcheon, North Gyeongsang.

Kepco E&C is one of the most coveted workplaces for young job seekers. According to data from government information provider ALIO, the company¡¯s average salary is in the top tier among organizations in the public sector, at 92.28 million won.

The company explained that, while the internship period is short, the program is designed to secure promising talent.

¡°We prepared this internship to promote our company to young talent [in other regions who don¡¯t know about us] and provide more opportunities to people,¡± said an official at Kepco E&C.

But there is some controversy surrounding the internship program.

While the original intention of the program lies in allowing job seekers to experience the workplace, it¡¯s unusually short length is closer to an introductory orientation to a company.

Some job seekers have expressed disbelief at the two-day internship.

¡°They¡¯re asking us to write personal essays and prepare documents such as certificates to work for just two days,¡± said Lee Jun-sung, a 29-year-old job seeker from Gwangju. ¡°The transport fare to and from Kepco E&C alone amounts to the daily pay.¡±

Lee wasn¡¯t the only one who felt this way.

¡°This is a trick to increase jobs. I feel betrayed by the government that promised good quality jobs,¡± said another job seeker.

Experts have also echoed concerns about the short-term program.

¡°It is a representative case that misuses internship programs. It reduces costs but creates the illusion as if jobs have increased,¡± criticized Ha Jong-kang, the head professor of the Labor Academy at Sungkonghoe University. 

The government announced late last month that it would create 59,000 jobs through public institutions, but caused controversy as a significant portion of the planned number consisted of short-term jobs such as janitors at traditional markets. 

The figure also includes 5,300 short-term internships from publicly-run companies.

According to a report provided by Liberty Korea Party lawmaker Min Kyung-wook, the government ordered 360 organizations, including 35 publicly-funded companies, to increase jobs from last September to November.

The Ministry of Economy and Finance held a seminar to increase short-term jobs and internships in public institutions last month and said it will include internship employment increases in performance evaluations.

Korea Land and Housing Corporation (LH) last month said it will hire 100 inspectors for leased housing. The inspectors will only be employed for 30 days from Nov. 26 to Dec. 25.

LH also posted a notice to hire 44 workers to manage records for rental business operators with a contract period of 30 days from Nov. 23 to Dec. 22. 

LH explained that such short-term jobs are needed and are unrelated to orders from the presidential office.

Government plans to increase jobs for the elderly also face criticism that they are targeted to inflate job figures. While contract periods for such jobs are longer than other short-term jobs, the work hours are limited to three hours a day. The government has decided to create 610,000 jobs for elderly people next year compared to the 510,000 this year. 

¡°Short-term jobs don¡¯t fit the Moon Jae-in administration¡¯s pursuit to create good quality jobs,¡± said Lee Jong-sun, the deputy head of the Korea University Institute for Research on Labor and Employment. ¡°Even if employment figures aren¡¯t good, [they should] gradually increase jobs that are actually needed in a longer perspective.¡±

U.S.-China trade truce delivers hope to investors 

Beijing and Washington¡¯s decision not to accelerate their trade war was celebrated by the Korean stock market Monday, helping the benchmark Kospi close 35.07 points, or 1.67 percent, higher to reach 2,131.93. 

It was the biggest jump on Seoul¡¯s primary market since Nov. 2 when the market closed 71.54 points higher, or 3.53 percent. 

Market analysts predicted the Kospi could reach 2,200 by the end of the year. 

¡°The decision to not boost tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese exports, China¡¯s promise to substantially increase its imports of U.S. goods and the agreement being reached much earlier than initial expectations is seen as positive progress,¡± said Lee Seung-hoon, Meritz Securities¡¯ chief economist. 

U.S. President Donald Trump¡¯s announcement that he would delay hikes in tariffs on Chinese imported goods from 10 percent to 25 percent that were supposed to go into effect Jan.1 came as global uncertainties have been easing, including the U.S. Federal Reserve hinting at slower interest rate increases. 

¡°With the trade conflict and the U.S. interest hike cycle weakened simultaneously, there will be improvement in preferences for riskier investments,¡± said Park Sang-hyun, a researcher at Leading Investment & Securities. 

Somewhat reduced tensions between the United States and China is expected to have a positive influence not only on the Korean financial market but also on Korean industries, especially semiconductors and automobiles. 

Semiconductors, a vital Korean export, were expected to be badly impacted if the two countries¡¯ trade war escalated. China buys 40 percent of all Korean semiconductor exports. 

There is speculation that an ongoing investigation by Chinese antitrust authorities of global semiconductor manufacturers such as Samsung Electronics, SK Hynix and U.S. Micron is the result of the trade war between the two countries. 

Additionally, considering that 78.9 percent of Korean goods exported to China, including semiconductors, are intermediary goods, any limit on Chinese exports to the United States would take a heavy toll on Korean exports. China buys 27 percent of Korea¡¯s overall exports.

Korean automobile sales, which have been struggling both at home and abroad, are also expected to see an uptick. The easing of trade tensions is expected to improve Chinese consumer sentiment, which has been contracting as a result of the U.S. and China trade feud. 

As tensions rose between the two countries, automobile sales in China fell for four consecutive months. According to a China Association of Automobile Manufacturers¡¯ report earlier this month, new vehicle sales in October fell 11.7 percent compared to the same period a year earlier to 2.38 million units. China expects new car sales to drop this year compared to the previous year for the first time since 1990. Korea¡¯s two main automobile manufacturers - Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors - are estimated to have seen car sales in China drop 12 percent and 18 percent respectively in September. 

There is also a growing hope that the spread of global protectionism under Trump would ease, reviving global trade. 

However, some economists warn that the agreement made over the weekend between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping is a temporary reprieve.

Finance chief nominee supports transfer tax cut 

Finance Minister nominee Hong Nam-ki outlined his stance on major economic issues, including tax and wage policies, on Sunday ahead of a hearing to confirm President Moon Jae-in¡¯s appointment on Tuesday. 

The nominee advocated an increase in property tax and a cut in transfer tax in an answer to National Assembly lawmakers.

¡°To effectively manage the real estate market, property tax should be increased in the mid to long-term while transfer tax needs to be lowered,¡± he stated.

The dual approach, a direction also taken during the former Roh Moo-hyun administration, is aimed at putting pressure on owners with multiple houses and, at the same time, boosting real estate transactions through a reduction in the transfer tax.

Hong struck an egalitarian tone in explaining the need to raise property tax with a cautious approach toward the transfer tax cut. 

¡°Globally, Korea has a relatively low property tax burden. But the lower ratio goes against the principle of tax fairness,¡± he said, ¡°Still, we need to carefully look into the reduction of acquisition tax, consider its impact on regional governments¡¯ budgets and resource distribution among regions.¡±

Hong assessed that the current corporate tax level is appropriate, saying that neither an increase nor a decrease is necessary.

The notion of income-led growth will continue to take center stage during his term despite the controversy surrounding its effectiveness.

¡°We need to keep [income-led growth] in order to address distortion in income distribution, the widening gap between the rich and poor and deteriorating social mobility,¡± he said.

The president¡¯s income-led growth initiative, a measure aimed at stimulating the economy by raising low-income wages, invited a backlash after the steep rise in the minimum wage was accused of putting a strain on employers and companies, leading to less hiring and investment.

In response to the criticism, Hong vowed to adopt the policy more flexibly while acknowledging that a steep minimum wage hike affects the job market in the retail and accommodation sectors. 

¡°We need to adjust and substitute certain policies through communication with the market and by reviewing [changes to see] if they cause negative effects,¡± he stated. 

Asked if he intends to delay the implementation of next year¡¯s minimum wage increase, Hong answered ¡°it is impossible because the stipulated effective date is stated as Jan. 1.¡±

The nominee also touched upon thorny issues such as regulation on cryptocurrency, hinting that the tough stance will continue.

The nominee said that related government agencies discussed ways to tax cryptocurrency investment. 

¡°Taxation on cryptocurrency is under discussion in cooperation with the National Tax Service and other related government agencies,¡± he said, ¡°We plan to come up with detailed results by consulting other countries¡¯ cases and infrastructure for taxation.¡±

In an assessment of the current economic situation, Hong noted that Korea¡¯s economic growth has been weakened. 

¡°Korea¡¯s recent economic indicators are mixed. Jobs data and investment are weak, but exports and consumption have stayed sound, he said, ¡°But in general, the growth trend has been weakened.¡± 

He added that the situation won¡¯t get better in the short term, warning that a tough year is ahead. 

Hong will replace the incumbent minister, Kim Dong-yeon, once he passes the confirmation hearing.

Korea¡¯s exports rose 4.5% in November 

Korea¡¯s exports rose 4.5 percent from a year earlier in November, fueled by robust sales of memory chips and petrochemical products, government data showed Saturday.

Outbound shipments reached $51.92 billion last month, marking the seventh consecutive month for the amount to exceed $50 billion, according to the data compiled by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy.

Imports advanced 11.4 percent on-year to $46.78 billion in the one month period, with the trade surplus hitting $5.14 billion, the ministry said.

November marks 82 straight months in which the value of the country¡¯s exports has exceeded imports.

The accumulated sales in the first 11 months moved up 6.2 percent on-year to $55.72 billion, reaching an all-time high.

The ministry attributed the strong exports to the recovery in the global manufacturing industry and rising prices of major export items, including memory chips and petrochemical products.

By sector, shipments of semiconductors jumped 11.6 percent to $10.68 billion last month on the back of high-value chips and storage devices in major markets.

Overseas sales of petroleum goods soared 23.5 percent to $4.22 billion, breaking the $3-billion mark for 13 months in a row.

In contrast, auto sales declined 2 percent to $3.97 billion on weak demand in the Middle East and tougher environmental regulations in Europe.

Display exports dipped 10 percent $2.08 due to declining prices of liquid crystal displays in line with the waning demand for flat-screen televisions and global supply glut.

Shipments to China, Korea¡¯s top export market, backtracked 2.5 percent on sluggish sales of wireless communication equipment and displays, coupled with a high base effect.

Exports to the United States rose 7.9 percent last month thanks to auto, general machinery and semiconductor shipments, but the trade surplus continued to fall due to Korea¡¯s rising imports of natural gas and petroleum.

Sales in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) advanced 13 percent to a record high of $9.41 billion in November.

The ministry said this year¡¯s exports are expected to surpass $600 billion for the first time ever, which would make Korea the world¡¯s sixth-largest exporting nation.

However, it expressed concerns over the unfavorable business environment next year amid global trade protectionism and rising financial volatility following the interest rate hike in the United States.

BOK raises key interest rate to 1.75 percent 
Decision prioritizes equality over concerns about low growth 

Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju-yeol starts the monetary policy meeting at the central bank¡¯s headquarters in central Seoul on Friday. [YONHAP]
The Bank of Korea (BOK) raised its key interest rate on Friday for the first time in a year, a move that prioritizes the need to address widening financial imbalances over concerns surrounding low economic growth.

Two members of the central bank¡¯s monetary policy committee - Cho Dong-chul and Shin In-seok - cast dissenting votes, opting for another month with the rate held at 1.5 percent. 

The move, which was widely anticipated by analysts, lifted the rate from 1.5 percent to 1.75 percent, breaking an 11-month freeze.

¡°The Bank of Korea decided to move up the benchmark interest rate by factoring in the economic state that is not far from the potential growth rate, inflation that is on a path to reach the target rate of 2 percent and growing financial imbalances,¡± said Governor Lee Ju-yeol.

The central bank attempted to normalize borrowing costs last November with a quarter basis point increase as the governor raised the need to gradually adjust the BOK¡¯s accommodative monetary policy. The change in direction was intended to ease the growing debt levels and other imbalance issues caused by the low interest rates.

Korea¡¯s household debt reached a new high in the third quarter, although the pace of growth slowed, passing the 1,500 trillion won ($1.3 trillion) level for the first time.

The country¡¯s outstanding household debt - which includes loans from banks and other financial institutions as well as credit card spending - stood at 1,514.4 trillion won between July and September, up 22 trillion won, or 1.5 percent, from the previous quarter.

But a further rate increase didn¡¯t occur until Friday as the bank opted to stay at 1.5 percent in previous months in the face of worsening economic indicators including slowing gross domestic growth, tepid jobs market and moderate domestic consumption.

Still, Lee said that the 1.75 rate is ¡°below the neutral rate¡± - the level that neither causes growth to accelerate, nor slow down - hinting at the possibility of more increases next year. 

As for concerns that an increase could place pressure on the flagging domestic economy, Lee played down the idea that Korea is entering an economic downturn. 

¡°I am very cautious about describing the Korean economy in a downward cycle and it would take more time to make an assessment,¡± he said. 

The prospect of Korea entering an economic downturn was prompted at by major financial institutions trimming their forecast for this year through next year.

The BOK was among those institutions, cutting its projection from 2.9 percent to 2.7 percent in October. The International Monetary Fund cut its growth forecast for this year to 2.8 percent from 3 percent and to 2.6 percent from 2.9 percent next year. Global ratings agency Moody¡¯s holds a more pessimistic view, at 2.5 percent this year and 2.3 percent next year. International institutions mentioned a prolonged trade war between the United States and China posing a threat for Korea¡¯s export-driven economy. 

Analysts see the latest hike as evidence that the BOK is prioritizing economic stability. 

¡°The fact that the central bank moves up the rate in times of lower economic indicators shows its commitment to stabilizing the financial markets,¡± said Koo Hye-young, an analyst at Mirae Asset Daewoo. ¡°The future rate decision will depend on the growth rate of household debts and whether the ratio will be lowered to the income level growth.¡±

Kim Sang-hoon, an analyst at KB Securities, predicted the BOK will stick to a freeze throughout 2019. 

¡°KB Securities expects the rate to be held in 2019 because an economic downturn will deter BOK members from hiking the rate,¡± Kim said.

Foreign chambers note business barriers 
For the first time ever, the groups jointly express their concerns 

From left, Sean Blakeley, CEO, British Chambers of Commerce in Korea, Christoph Heider, President, European Chamber of Commerce in Korea, James Kim, Chairman and CEO of the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea, David-Pierre Jalicon, chairman of the French Korean Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and Barbara Zollmann, President and CEO of the Korean-German Chamber of Commerce and Industry during a seminar on the Korean business environment at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Seoul on Friday.
Five chambers of commerce representing the interests of foreign companies doing business in Korea gathered on Friday to present the case for a more predictable and consistent regulatory environment that better aligns with international standards.

The U.S., British, European, French and German chambers in Korea organized a joint seminar in central Seoul to discuss the country¡¯s business landscape for foreign companies. Some of them regularly hold seminars of their own to share their thoughts on trade and business.

This is the first time the five have combined forces to do so.

The Korea-U.S. trade relationship ¡°has been a strong, robust partnership. But there is still more work to be done. We see non-tariff barriers, Korea-unique regulatory standards and limited access to the market,¡± Gregory Briscoe, the U.S. Embassy¡¯s minister counselor for commercial affairs, said at Friday¡¯s event. 

In a joint statement issued by the five chambers, they stressed the ¡°need to give greater weight to the predictability and consistency of the regulatory environment¡± and called for ¡°improved coordination between all government agencies in Korea to ensure consistent and predictable enforcement of rules and regulations.¡±

Korea-unique regulations, or so-called ¡°Galapagos¡± regulations, have long been the target of criticism by local business insiders as well. The list is long, with barriers ranging from the broad and industry wide - such as the rule limiting non-financial company stakes in banks to 4 percent - to the specific - such as the rule requiring a ground clearance of 12 centimeters that for cars, a standard found nowhere else in the world. 

The European Chamber of Commerce in Korea (ECCK) held a seminar on Tuesday in which various industry representatives voiced concerns about the country¡¯s business landscape. 

During the seminar, it was noted how Korea-unique regulations keep foreign investment away and that regulations often change too fast, sometimes without adequate input from businesses or evaluations as to whether the new policies will bring the desired effects or unintended consequences. 

During Friday¡¯s panel discussion, ECCK¡¯s President Christoph Heider said that regulations can be obstacles not only for foreign companies, but also for local firms. 

¡°Small and mid-sized enterprises play a vital role in exports,¡± he said, ¡°but they follow local standards, and it will be difficult when the time comes for exports because they have to learn international standards, which is often difficult as it takes time and knowledge to understand them.¡± 

The chambers said that aligning domestic regulations with global standards is important in an era where technology is bringing rapid changes and quickly reshaping the business landscape. 

¡°In terms of innovation, fields like the Internet of Things, energy and others cannot be led by one country,¡± said Chairman David-Pierre Jalicon of the French Korean Chamber of Commerce and Industry. ¡°We need international cooperation. Without global standards, this will be difficult.¡±

The seminar was also attended by government officials who agreed with the sentiment that old regulations can slow growth in new areas. 

¡°A lot of new technologies, like artificial intelligence and blockchain, didn¡¯t exist in the past, so there are cases where new technologies are not addressed or have relevant laws prepared - it¡¯s a serious question for us,¡± said Kim Jeong-wha, a director of the foreign investment policy division at the Ministry of Trade. Joung Ki-won, the co-chair of the U.S. chamber¡¯s blockchain committee and founder of her own blockchain startup, called Directional, acknowledged that the government had made efforts to create a favorable business environment for her business, but that the slow speed of change was hindering growth.

¡°Fintech is about speed - everything needs to go fast. But even requests for authoritative interpretations sometime take months,¡± she said, adding that local regulations are difficult even for her as an experienced lawyer. ¡°The difficult part is ambiguous regulations and the lack of predictability.¡±

Fed comment and BOK meeting mix in Korean market 
While shares followed trend after Fed, local rate rise anticipated 

U.S. Fed chairman¡¯s dovish remarks sent Korean shares higher early Thursday as investor concern about possible rate increases diminished. With the economy weak and companies and consumers negative, the market has become especially sensitive to the interest rate expectations.

The Kospi rose 0.28 percent to end the day at 2,114.1, with gains capped as the Korean central bank held a monetary-policy meeting today.

Fed chair Jerome Powell said on Wednesday that the benchmark interest rate was ¡°just below¡± the neutral level, a departure from past comments in which he suggested that the rate was far from neutral.

His remarks raised hopes for a slower pace of rate hikes in the coming months and were a factor in the strong performance of U.S. stocks. All major indexes in the United States were up more than 2 percent overnight. 

Japan¡¯s Nikkei took a positive cue from the jump, advancing 0.9 percent on Thursday, while the Kospi also started strong with a 1.22 percent rise. The Korean benchmark retreated later, with institutional and retail investors offloading shares. 

The majority of analysts are betting on a rate hike decision at today¡¯s Korean monetary policy meeting amid increasing debt levels and the rate gap with the United States. 

Seventy-nine percent of 200 fixed-income analysts surveyed said that the Bank of Korea will move up its key rate for the first time in a year, to 1.75 percent from the current 1.5 percent, according to Korea Financial Investment Association. 

Korea¡¯s benchmark interest rate has stood at 1.5 percent since the central bank increased it from a record-low 1.25 percent last November. That was the bank¡¯s first rate increase in six and a half years. 

¡°We expect the rate to become 1.75 percent, because there have been growing calls for a rate hike,¡± said Kim Sang-hoon, an analyst at KB Securities. 

¡°In the October meeting, two members advocated a rate rise in dissenting votes, and the latest minutes of the meeting suggest that more than half of six members intend to increase the rate,¡± he added. 

The outlook is also in line with that of Bank of Korea (BOK) Gov. Lee Ju-yeol, who has expressed concern about growing financial imbalances. 

¡°We need to address the accumulated financial imbalances in a gradual manner,¡± Lee said in an October meeting with heads of business lobby groups and economic research institutes. 

The comment was seen as an expression of concerns over growing debt levels after a decade of low interest rates.

Commercial banks have already raised interest rates as they expect the central bank to normalize the monetary policy rate. 

According to the BOK on Thursday, the new deposit interest rate of commercial banks in October was raised 0.03 percentage points from the previous month to 3.64 percent. It was the highest hike in three months. The mortgage rate of banks has raised 0.02 percentage points to 3.31 percent while unsecured loan rate has also raised 0.02 percentage points to 4.45 percent.

But not all analysts are in agreement, saying that the bank will hold the rate in the face of an economic downturn. 

¡°The Bank of Korea will likely keep its benchmark rate steady because of the lower inflation level and GDP growth,¡± said Park Hee-chan, an analyst at Mirae Asset Daewoo. 

¡°The market consensus points to a hike, but different uncertainties would weigh on.¡±

Glass ceiling is as strong as ever at Korea¡¯s biggest firms 

Only 3 percent of executives at the top 500 companies in Korea were women last year, showing that the glass ceiling for the female workforce remains high, according to a survey by the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family on Thursday.

Results of the recent survey of the 500 biggest companies by revenue found that they have a combined 454 woman executives, accounting for only 3 percent of the total. 

The survey was commissioned by the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family and conducted by the Korean Women¡¯s Development Institute.

The rate was slightly higher than the 2.7 percent in 2016, also up from 2.4 percent in 2015 and 2.3 percent in 2014. 

The results also showed that a total of 328 firms out of the 500 surveyed - or 65.5 percent - did not even have a single female executive.

The number of companies that have more than a single female executive increased from 164 to 172. 

Having a female executive was most commonplace in the financial and insurance sector - with 45.2 percent of the financial-insurance firms surveyed, each had one or more female executives - followed by the wholesale and retail sector with 35.1 percent and the manufacturing sector at 32.1 percent.

Still, the overall rate of female executives at the financial and insurance sector remained 3.7 percent, up from 2.7 percent from 2016. 

The corresponding rates for the manufacturing and the wholesale-retail sectors were 2.7 percent and 1 percent in 2017, respectively.

The institute said in the report that while the number of female executives in the top 500 companies has been growing, it is still below the OECD average of 21.8 percent, indicating that the glass ceiling for female employees remains particularly thick in the private sector compared to other developed countries. 

It added that it is important for the national competitiveness to utilize talented female workers.

¡°Reflecting the economic size of Korea, female representation remains at an embarrassing level,¡± Gender Equality Minister Jin Sun-mee said. ¡°Based on the results of the latest survey, (the ministry) plans to seek a wide range of measures to increase the population of female executives.¡±

Tax authority targets inheritance 
Families are moving assets early, leaving children with millions 

Lee Dong-shin, head of the asset taxation team at the National Tax Service, detailing some of the cases involving the illegal transfer of wealth to minors. Some wealthy families shift assets to their children leaving them with huge property portfolios or massive deposit accounts. [YONHAP]
A four-year-old kindergarten student purchased two apartments for a total of 400 million won ($354,657). Two elementary students each had 300 million won in savings. 

These are the basic facts in two possible cases of illegal inheritance being pursued by the National Tax Service and disclosed on Wednesday.

In most instances, the parents or grandparents transfer the wealth by depositing money in installments over a long period of time. 

In one example offered by the service, two high school students were living in Busan despite having no apparent employment income, making huge sums of money by leasing out of commercial real estate. The father is suspected of having transfered funds into the children¡¯s accounts since elementary school. The funds were then used to buy the real estate. 

The tax agency said it is investigating possible tax evasion by 225 people whose children seem to have become owners of deposits, real estate or securities in a suspicious manner. 

¡°This illegal inheritance of wealth not only harms the culture of tax compliance, but also has a negative effect on fairness in the economy and exacerbates income inequality,¡± said Lee Dong-shin, head of the asset taxation team at the NTS. ¡°We regularly verify inheritance and transfers to minors.¡± 

According to the NTS, it has started investigating 41 people on tax evasion related to real estate transactions and leases. Of that number, 19 were minors whose source of funds used for purchase of the real estate was unclear. 

One person under suspicion is a 12-year-old elementary student who purchased two apartments for 1.1 billion won. In another case, a 19 year old who has no income spent 1.2 billion won in purchasing real estate. 

Additionally, 22 people, all of who were minors, generated income from real estate leases. In one case, a high school student purchased an officetel for 1.6 billion won and profited from leasing it. In another case, an elementary student bought a commercial building for 3.4 billion won, while the parents are accused of reporting to the authority lease income lower than the actual amount being paid by tenants. 

Real estate isn¡¯t the only area where the tax agency is looking. It said it will examine the accounts of 90 taxpayers who have inherited large amounts of cash and stock but failed to report the transfers to the tax agency. 

In this year alone, the NTS said it has investigated 297 minors suspected of receiving funds without properly paying taxes. It taxed the funds at an 8.6 percent rate and charged a 90 percent rate on interest earned. 

A high school student received 700 million won from his father, who works as a high-level executive at a conglomerate, and tried to hide this fact by diversifying investments. 

A total of 73 people, including 34 minors, will be under investigation for receiving equities through accounts owned by either high-level employees working at the companies of the parents or through accounts under the names of relatives.

The NTS said it is looking into 21 people who profited from real estate lectures and consulting. In one case, a lecturer specializing in real estate owns 90 billion won worth of property. The lecturer was unclear about the source of the investment funds and falsely reported that the income was derived from lectures rather than real estate. 

The NTS said separately it will be looking into 199 people who reported below-market values for apartments inherited or been given as gifts as a mean of reducing tax owed. 

KITA projects 3% rise in export sales next year 

A global trend toward trade protectionism won¡¯t stop Korean export sales from increasing by 3 percent next year, according to a local business lobbying group on Wednesday. 

¡°It¡¯s true that the global trade environment next year doesn¡¯t look very good,¡± said Kim Young-ju, CEO of Korea International Trade Association (KITA) at a briefing with reporters held on Wednesday in southern Seoul. ¡°But we looked into all of the country¡¯s key export products and concluded there will be at least around 3 percent year on year growth.¡±

Under KITA projections, Korea will ink $625 billion in exports next year and $1 trillion in trade volume for a third consecutive year.

The trade organization said prospective export goods for next year are computers, ships, petrochemical products and semiconductors.

 
¡°Though semiconductor prices have been falling since the third quarter this year, demand for chips is expected to increase as high-capacity memory chips are necessary to bolster artificial intelligence and big data businesses,¡± Kim said. ¡°Exports of ships will also likely increase next year, as ships ordered last year and this year will be delivered by then.¡±

On dangers of depending too much on chips for export sales, Kim said Korean chipmakers still have a competitive edge in their technologies to develop chips compared to other countries, so they will be able to maintain their dominant position for the time being. 

According to KITA data, Korean chipmakers exported roughly $130 billion worth of chips this year, which is about 27 percent of projected global sales of $481.1 billion.

Still, exports of home appliances, steel, smartphones and automobiles will continue to struggle, KITA said. It has already been a tough year for washing machine makers and steelmakers exporting to the U.S. market as the United States slapped heavy restrictions on imports under U.S. President Donald Trump¡¯s protectionist trade measures. Next year isn¡¯t expected to be any better, though local companies are trying to make up for the losses by diversifying export markets. 

Kim stressed the need for Korea to nurture start-ups so they can support export growth currently led by large conglomerates. He also said that export markets must be diversified from depending too much on the United States and China. 

KITA is creating a support center for start-ups at COEX, southern Seoul. The center, which will open in April next year, will link start-ups with Korean conglomerates with established global sales network or directly with foreign buyers.

The organization is also planning to help craft strategies for companies so they can choose the optimal place to build manufacturing facilities with all relevant protectionist policies in mind. 

Exports this year are projected to pass $600 billion, making Korea the sixth country in the world in terms of export size, KITA said.

FDI commitments rise to record year to date 

New foreign direct investment (FDI) pledged to Korea has hit a record high, led by rising interest in the nation¡¯s high-tech industries and startups in emerging sectors, government data showed on Wednesday.

Korea received $23.04 billion worth of FDI commitments as of Tuesday, already breaking last year¡¯s $22.94 billion total, according to the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy.

The actual investment made by foreign companies so far reached $13.79 billion, also exceeding the total for 2017.

Investment pledges from the European Union jumped 24.4 percent year on year to $7.1 billion as of Tuesday, mostly in the form of share purchases and merger and acquisitions (M&A).

American companies sought partnerships and acquisitions in high-tech industries and tech start-ups, pledging $5.1 billion over the period, a 37-percent rise.

New FDI commitments from China rose 252 percent to $2.56 billion, led by brisk investment in the service industry.

By sector, the manufacturing industry drew $9.27 billion of investment pledges, and the service sector attracted $12.6 billion so far this year.

The ministry said the eased geopolitical risk on the Korean Peninsula, as well as robust demand for memory chips and petrochemical products, created a favorable business environment for foreign investors.

Nomura sees slowdown on structural reforms 

Structural reforms in Korea¡¯s key industries and in the labor market will slow the country¡¯s economy next year, Nomura Financial Investment said on Wednesday.

The brokerage firm pointed to restructuring as a reason for its trimming of the economic growth forecast for 2019 to 2.5 percent from its previous projection of 2.7 percent.

The forecast is conservative compared with those by local entities. The Bank of Korea put the growth outlook for 2019 at 2.7 percent, and the state-run Korea Development Institute (KDI) put the figure at 2.6 percent for next year.

¡°Key industries, particularly auto and shipbuilding parts, have experienced structural reform and that will continue for a couple of years,¡± Kwon Young-sun, senior Korea economist at Nomura, said at a briefing in Seoul.

Pointing to the negative growth in China¡¯s auto industry and GM¡¯s ongoing restructuring, the expert said the industries ¡°appear to have experienced the global consolidation in earnest.¡±

The restructuring in some service sectors and self-employed businesses will also challenge the local economy, which is an unintentional development sparked by the increase in the country¡¯s minimum wage.

This year, the government hiked the minimum wage by 16.4 percent to 7,530 won ($6.70) per hour. Next year¡¯s minimum wage has been set at 8,350 won, up 10.9 percent from this year.

Consumers turn more negative 
Sentiment declines on jobs, economy and trade to 21-month low 

Faced with worsening employment conditions and dim growth prospects, Korean consumers are increasingly negative about the outlook for their incomes and the economy in general.

Consumer sentiment in the country dipped to a 21-month low in November, the lowest level since February last year, according to the central bank on Tuesday.

The Bank of Korea (BOK) said that the composite consumer sentiment index (CCSI) for this month stood at 96, down 3.5 points from the previous month.

A reading above 100 points indicates that a majority of survey participants have a positive outlook on the national economy, while a reading below 100 indicates that most have negative views.

The BOK mentioned that the public¡¯s concerns center on an economy that is losing momentum and the possibility of a protracted downturn. 

¡°People are worried that the country¡¯s economy will enter a downward cycle. The ongoing trade war between the United States and China and the tepid jobs market are also contributing to the pessimism,¡± a bank official said. 

New jobs added in October stood at 64,000, down 77.1 percent compared to the same month last year. In 2017, Korea added more than 300,000 jobs every month, but the figure started collapsing in 2018. 

The index for people¡¯s view on current economic conditions dropped five points to 62, while the sentiment for overall economic conditions for the coming six months went down five points to 72 this month. 

A widening income gap has weighed on consumer sentiment. The gap was reported earlier this month at its widest in 11 years. 

The average income of the top 20 percent of earners was 5.5 times that of the bottom 20 percent in the third quarter of 2018. This is the biggest difference since 2007, when the incomes of the top 20 percent were 5.52 times those of the bottom 20 percent.

With the weak economic indicators, major international institutions have lowered their estimates for the economy both this year and next year. 

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) trimmed its outlook for Korea¡¯s economic growth in 2018 to 2.8 percent from 3 percent, citing trade tensions between the world¡¯s two largest economies, weak momentum in global trade and financial turbulence in emerging countries. 

Moody¡¯s anticipates 2.5 percent growth this year and 2.3 percent next year. 

IT companies face bottleneck as workers hit 52-hour limit 

Employees work late at night in an office building in Seoul. There has been growing demand from the IT industry that the selective working hours be less restrictive.
An IT services company team leader, who wishes to be known only as Mr. Kim, has been racking his brain. He is trying to figure out how to meet the deadline on a web portal project he has been supervising. 

Although now is the busiest season in the IT industry, he has no choice but to force one of his key staff members to go home, as the employee has already worked 60 hours a week over the last two weeks. He is over the limit allowed by law.

¡°Because we¡¯re in the final stages, we are constantly getting calls from our clients, but we aren¡¯t able to properly meet those demands,¡± Kim said.

Kim is not the only person in the local IT industry faced with problems as working hours at companies with more than 300 employees have been reduced since July from a maximum of 68 a week to 52. 

The local IT industry is notorious for overtime, with many young employees burning the midnight oil, and November and December are considered the busiest months of the year in the sector. After the introduction of the 52-hour workweek, some IT companies have been unable to fully utilize manpower in meeting deadlines. 

Many IT companies, especially game developers, are choosing the selective working-hour system to stay within the maximum number of hours permitted. Manufacturers tend to choose the alternative flexible working-hour system. 

While both systems allow employees to choose the hours they prefer to work within 52-hour workweek limit, the main difference is that the selective working-hour system is less restrictive. Workers can adjust their schedule throughout the month and only have to meet the 52-hour limit on average over the month.

Under the flexible working-hour system, the working days and the working hours are organized by the company. The employee can choose the times they wish to work within a three-month period as long as the average working hours are under 52 hours. 

The selective working-hour system ¡°in theory allows employees to work as much as 20 hours a day,¡± said Lee Dong-hee, a business administration professor at Kookmin University. ¡°However, the average working hours in a month should still meet the 52-hour workweek requirement,¡± Lee said. 

He said many knowledge-based companies don¡¯t follow standard schedules and have work piling up ahead of deadline. They prefer the selective working-hour system. 

The problem is that hours are averaged over a one-month period, shorter than the three months under the flexible working-hour system. 

One month is not a lot of time given that major IT projects require roughly two to three months of highly-focused work. It is especially problematic toward the end of the year when public project deadlines are concentrated.

¡°November and December are also busy months for game companies as they need to finish the upgrading of games ahead of winter break since many of the gamers are students,¡± said a game industry official. 

In a survey conducted by the Korea Software Industry Association in March this year, 71.8 percent said their employees work overtime in November, while 74.4 percent said the same for December. 

Under the current system, if the employees work intensively for two weeks, the company has no other choice but to send them home early for the next two weeks to meet the one-month 52-hour workweek average. 

¡°The limited time period was set without properly understanding the industry¡¯s situation,¡± said Sung Wook-joon, a professor at the Seoul National University of Science and Technology¡¯s Graduate School of Public Policy and Information Technology. 

A 38-year-old employee of a mobile game developer worked last week from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. The employee, named Lee, said he was forced to work shorter hours last week because he worked from 10 a.m. until 11 p.m. the previous two weeks.

Lee has a lot of work to do as he is in charge of focus group testing, one of the final steps before the launch of a game. After the focus group test, the game needs to undergo a closed beta test and then an open beta test before the official launch. 

¡°Because teams specialize, other teams cannot do the work we are doing,¡± Lee said. 

The political parties and the labor community have been mainly focused on negotiating the flexible working-hour system and have not given enough thought to expanding the selective hours. 

In July, Choo Kyung-ho, a Liberty Korea Party lawmaker, proposed a reform bill that would expand the current one-month limit to three months, giving more room for employees in the IT industry to adjust their working hours. But no progress has been made since. 

Some worry that expanding the period in which average working hours are calculated could lead to overwork, which could threaten the health and well-being of young people at IT companies.

OECD asks for help protecting trade 

OECD Secretary General Jose Angel Gurria, left, meeting with the Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon, right, at Songdo Conventia in Incheon on Tuesday. 
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Secretary General Jose Angel Gurria asked Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon for Korea to work with the international organization in protecting free trade, which has been threatened by trade conflicts and the rise of protectionism. 

According to the Ministry of Finance and Economy Tuesday, the two held a meeting at the Songdo Conventia in Incheon. They discussed the increased need for mutual cooperation on global policies due to heightened external uncertainties. Concerns include the trade conflict between the United States and China and rising interest rates in the United States. 

Kim said he supports the OECD¡¯s efforts in trying to maintain the multinational cooperation system and keep protectionism from spreading further. 

During the meeting, Gurria said he will support joint research between the Korea Development Institute (KDI), the state-owned think-tank, and the OECD on Korea¡¯s inclusive growth policies. The two institutions will be conducting research on the Moon Jae-in administration¡¯s economic and social initiatives next year. 

Gurria also recognized the current administration¡¯s efforts in trying to usher in peace on the peninsula. 

The finance minister promised the Korean government will do its best to contribute to the success of the OECD¡¯s Ministerial Council Meeting scheduled to be held in Paris, where the OECD headquarters is located, in May next year. Korea will be co-vice chair, a position shared with Canada. Slovakia will be the chair of the meeting. This is the fourth time Korea has been selected as a vice chair since the country became an OECD member in 1996. 

The OCED secretary general was in Seoul to attend the organization¡¯s sixth World Forum, jointly organized with Statistics Korea and held in Songdo, Incheon. The event, which kicked off on Tuesday under the theme ¡°the future of well-being,¡± will be held through Nov. 29.

KT restores most services after fire, but issues linger 
Company warns that it could take more time to repair all damage 

Firefighters on Sunday investigating the fire at KT¡¯s switching center in Ahyeon-dong, in western Seoul. The fire broke out 11 a.m. on Saturday and caused outages throughout the weekend.
KT¡¯s Ahyeon telecommunications switching center at Seodaemun District, western Seoul will be under repair for another week following a fire at the facility on Saturday morning. Customers are expected to face continued service disruptions until work at the site is complete.

Landline and mobile calls, internet service, credit card processing and IPTV could be affected. This comes after a weekend of low-grade chaos in certain areas, with some people scurrying around to find pay phones, while others were unable to buy medicine or get on public transportation. 

KT Chairman Hwang Chang-gyu, who visited the damaged site, said the company will offer compensation to the individual subscribers and small business owners who have faced disruption. He also promised to make efforts to ensure the future stability of the network. 

¡°KT will actively cooperate with the fire department in determining the cause of the fire,¡± explained Hwang. ¡°By analyzing the results, we will come up with plans including safety inspections of all of our communication facilities nationwide so that this will not happen again.¡±

According to KT, 63 percent of the mobile network - or 1,780 mobile stations - and 97 percent of the internet lines, all of which affects 215,000 subscribers, were restored as of 6 p.m. on Sunday. It added that it will work diligently to minimize future inconveniences. 

The fire, which was reported to have started in the basement cable tunnel, was extinguished around 9:30 p.m. Saturday, 10 hours after it initially broke out. Property damage is estimated at around 8 billion won ($7 million). As the source of the blaze is located deep within the basement, it is expected to take more than a week before the system is fully operational. 

KT Chairman Hwang Chang-gyu bows his head in apology for the inconvenience caused by an Ahyeon-dong fire. [YONHAP]
KT said some of its employees tried to restore the system Saturday evening. They were equipped with safety equipment, including gas masks, but were denied access to the area by fire authorities over safety concerns. 

The fire, which broke out at 11 a.m. on Saturday, directly affected the Seodaemun, Jung, Mapo and Yongsan districts. It also partially affected the neighboring Eunpyeong District, with outages extending as far as Goyang, Gyeonggi.

Due to the fire, high-speed internet, internet TV and phone services were lost. People living in the four districts in Seoul weren¡¯t able to make calls, card processing machines went dead and many had trouble getting on public transportation that use near field communication (NFC) systems. 

¡°I was late to a meeting with a friend and tried to make a call,¡± said a 26-year-old at Chungjeongno Station. ¡°I was looking for the public phone booth, but didn¡¯t know where it was.¡± 

Convenience stores and a cafe near the KT branch office posted signs on Saturday saying that they were only accepting cash. 

¡°I don¡¯t carry cash as I use the Kakao Pay¡± mobile payment app, said Kim Yu-jin, 30. ¡°I can¡¯t even get on a bus or a subway because my transportation card runs on NFC.¡± 

Some drivers struggled because their internet-connected navigation systems failed. 

¡°I was passing through Hapjeong on my way to a wedding in Gwanghwamun, but my navigation system went down,¡± said Sung Ki-dong, 33. ¡°And I couldn¡¯t call people to ask for directions, so I had to use the old way of following the street signs.¡± 

Patients weren¡¯t able to get prescription medications as the internet at some drug stores went down. Meanwhile, restaurant owners were having trouble securing the necessary ingredients as they weren¡¯t able to place calls. 

People delivering food for services that rely on KT internet were forced to take a day off as their food-delivery apps had gone out. 

Minister of Science and ICT You Young-min visited the KT branch on Sunday and asked if KT would be able to restore credit card services for small businesses by the end of Sunday.

The three telecommunication companies - SK Telecom, KT and LG U+ - ¡°need to swiftly change their contract clauses on compensation issues and also need to come up with plans that would reroute traffic if such accidents, which shouldn¡¯t happen again, happen,¡± said You.

Traffic should automatically reroute when outages occur, but due to the Ahyeon building¡¯s location and its role within the network, necessary traffic shifting did not occur, KT said. 

Tourists from China rebounding 
But numbers have not yet returned to before missile shield row 

Chinese tourists are on the rebound, although their numbers haven¡¯t returned to the levels before Seoul and Beijing fell out over the deployment of a U.S. missile defense system in Korea. 

According to the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport on Sunday, the number of people that took either an international flight into or out of Korea or a domestic flight in October totaled 10 million, a 6.8 percent increase compared to the same month a year ago. It said it was the largest number of flight passengers recorded in any October. 

While domestic flight passengers dropped 5 percent compared to the previous year to 2.72 million, international flight passengers grew by 12 percent to 7.34 million passengers. 

In the first 10 months of this year, passengers on flights in or out of Korea amounted to 71.4 million, up 12 percent from 63.6 million a year earlier. 

¡°International flight passengers grew in October largely due to the expansion of budget airlines¡¯ international flights as well as the long holiday that helped Koreans travel abroad and China partially allowing group tours to Korea,¡± a Land and Transport Ministry official said. 

In October, some 1.48 million people traveled to Korea from China or the reverse, which was a 23 percent increase. This was largely thanks to an easing of group travel ban that was imposed by the Chinese government to protest the deployment of the terminal high altitude area defense (Thaad) system in Sangju, North Gyeongsang. 

Despite the recent rise in Chinese tourists, it is still 12.7 percent smaller than the 1.7 million that visited in October 2016 before the Thaad situation escalated between the two countries. 

The ministry said the situation has been improving since July. 

The number of Chinese Jeju grew 99.6 percent in October. The number of Chinese traveling in or out of Cheongju, North Chungcheong, surged 101.5 percent. 

Travelers from other countries have grown as well, including Europe, which grew 15.4 percent, and Southeast Asia, up 11.6 percent. Passengers from Japan were up 8 percent.

Passengers traveling from the Pacific decline in October. Travelers from New Zealand were down 17.6 percent to 8,682 while those from Hawaii fell 18.2 percent to 46,398. 

Among foreign countries, Southeast Asian travelers accounted for the most, taking up 34 percent, followed by Japan with 24 percent. Chinese tourists accounted for 20.2 percent.

The increase in travelers owes much to budget airlines expanding flights and routes. 

People traveling on budget airlines grew 19.6 percent while those that used major Korean airliners - Korean Air and Asiana - increased 6.4 percent. 

As of October, budget airlines carried 28.6 percent of all passengers, up from 26.7 percent a year ago and 21 percent in 2016. On the flip side, passengers using the two major Korean airliners shrunk to 39.2 percent of the total as of October this year compared to 41.3 percent a year ago and 44.3 percent in 2016. 

52-hour week means less booze, more banchan 
Hobbies are also on the rise and big firms see an improvement 

People start their day on July 1, when the new 52-hour workweek was implemented for companies with more than 300 employees.
Kim In-soo, a 31-year-old office worker, tends to go home early after a quick drink with his friends.

Since the 52-hour workweek was implemented in July, Kim only really drinks with his close friends, a major change from the old days, when he used to spend countless hours drinking with his boss or colleagues after work. 

Since working hours were reduced, there has been a significant shift in consumer habits and spending. 

In fact, since the shorter workweek came into effect, restaurants and bars have seen revenue shrink as the longstanding culture of company dinners has started to disappear and more people are spending time and money on personal hobbies and cultural experiences.

This trend is likely to continue as the shorter workweek, which currently only applies to companies with more than 300 employees, will be extended to all companies with more than 50 employees from 2020.

According to Shinhan Card, casual bars that sell single glasses of wine for about 3,000 won ($2.65) are on the rise, while the total amount spent on alcohol is steadily decreasing from 54.5 billion won in the third quarter of last year to 49.5 billion won over the same period this year.

New spending habits have also emerged.

More people are eating at home and spending more on side dishes, also known as banchan.

Shinhan Card users¡¯ spending in banchan-related stores increased by 77 percent on year in October.

¡°A decrease in payment in alcohol-related sectors and a rise in banchan, as the 52-hour workweek establishes itself, could be understood as people having more free time,¡± explained Kim Hyo-jeong, head of big data business at Shinhan Card. 

Shinhan Card data also shows that spending on recreational activities increased from 42.6 billion won in the first quarter of this year to 45.4 billion won in the third quarter. 

Spending in theaters and concerts increased from 18.5 billion won to 22.7 billion won over the same period.

According to Kakao Mobility, which operates taxi-hailing service Kakao Taxi, taxi-hailing times have also shifted in business districts across Seoul.

In business neighborhood Seocho 2-dong, southern Seoul, the percentage of daily taxis ordered between 11 p.m. and 12 a.m. fell from 20.4 percent last year to 15.9 percent this year, while the share from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. increased from 4.1 percent last year to 5.8 percent. 

People are also spending more time on leisure activities, according to Kakao Taxi data. Taxis used to travel to theaters increased by 118 percent this July to August compared to the same period last year. Taxi hailing to gyms also jumped up by 159 percent. 

The shift in after-work activities from company dinners to personal leisure activities has been welcomed by large companies in a survey by job portal Saramin. 

Seventy-five percent of large corporations said they experienced a positive change with the 52-hour workweek, with the top reason given as an increase in work efficiency, in line with the original intent of the policy.

Other popular reasons included increases in work morale and productivity.

¡°Office workers are now finding a work-life balance after not being able to leave work and being dragged to company dinners,¡± said Lee Byoung-hoon, a sociology professor at Chung-Ang University. ¡°If the 52-hour workweek spreads to small and medium-sized companies, this change will spread across our society.¡±

Hurdles, however, remain for all companies to enjoy the work hour reduction.

Nearly 70 percent of small and medium-sized companies that will be affected by the law from 2020 said that the reduction in hours will be a negative change, largely due to a rise in wages.

On areas that need improvement, economic and policy support to maintain wages ranked first, followed by the selective application of workweek hour reduction by sector and region. 

Koreans in 50s burdened by higher expenditures 

Korean householders in their 50s faced a heavier burden in terms of taxes, interest and insurance payments in the third quarter compared with last year, data showed on Sunday.

According to Statistics Korea, the average family with two or more members, in which the head of the household was between 50 and 59, spent 1.4 million won ($1,236) monthly on nonliving expenditures in the July-September period, up 30.7 percent from a year earlier.

With the average monthly income for such households estimated at 5.73 million won over the cited period, the figure translates into financial expenditures taking up a quarter of their revenue. Such spending accounted for 19.9 percent of the income over the three months of 2017.

Experts said that the findings indicate that the mandatory expenditures - such as public health insurance and taxes, increased - result in limited spending for other areas.

For all Korean households, nonliving expenditures were up 23.3 percent year on year in the third quarter, suggesting that householders in their 50s faced heavier burdens compared with other age groups.

The increased burden for householders in their 50s came as taxes and insurance costs increased along with income, experts said.

KT is near 90% after fire, though limited outages could last a week 

Fire fighters on Sunday conducting forensics investigation in determining the fire that happened at KT¡¯s switching center in Ahyeon-dong, Seoul, on Saturday morning. 
KT¡¯s telecommunications switching center at Ahyeon-dong, Mapo District, Seoul will be under repair for another week following a fire at the facility on Saturday morning. Customers are expected to face continued service disruptions until work at the site is complete.

Landline and mobile calls, internet service, credit card processing and IPTV could be affected during that time. This comes after a weekend of low-grade chaos in certain areas, with some people scurrying around to find pay phones, while others were unable to buy medicine or get on public transportation. 

KT Chairman Hwang Chang-gyu, who visited the damaged site, said the company will offer compensation to the individual subscribers and small business owners who have faced disruption. He also promised to make efforts to ensure the future stability of the network. 

¡°KT will actively cooperate with the fire department,¡± explained Hwang, ¡°in determining the cause of the fire. By analyzing the results we will come up with plans including safety inspections of all of our communication facilities nationwide so that this will not happen again.¡±

According to KT, 60 percent of the mobile network and 77 percent of the internet lines were restored as of 11 a.m. on Sunday. The company said it expects 90 percent of service will be restored by Sunday night. 

It added that it will work diligently to minimize future inconveniences. 

The fire, which was reported to have started in the basement cable tunnel, was extinguished around 9:30 p.m. Saturday, 10 hours after it initially broke out. Property damage is estimated at around 8 billion won ($7 million). As the source of the blaze is located deep within the basement, it is expected to take more than a week before the entire system is fully operational. 

KT said some of its employees tried to restore the system Saturday evening. They were equipped with safety equipment, including gas masks, but were denied access to the damaged area by fire authorities over safety concerns. 

The fire, which broke out at 11 a.m. Saturday, directly affected the Seodaemun, Jung, Mapo and Yongsan districts. It also partially affected the neighboring Eunpyeong District, with outages extending as far as Goyang, Gyeonggi. 

Due to the fire, high-speed internet, internet TV and phone services were lost. People living in the four districts in Seoul weren¡¯t able to make calls, card processing machines went dead and many had trouble getting on public transportation that use near field communication (NFC) systems. 

¡°I was late to a meeting with a friend and tried to make a call,¡± said a 26-year-old at Chungjeongro Station. ¡°I was looking for the public phone booth, but didn¡¯t know where it was.¡± 

Convenience stores and a cafe near the KT branch office posted signs on Saturday saying that they were only accepting cash. 

¡°I don¡¯t carry cash as I use the Kakao Pay¡± mobile payment app, said Kim Yu-jin, 30. ¡°I can¡¯t even get on a bus or a subway because my transportation card runs on NFC.¡± 

Some drivers struggled because their internet-connected navigation systems were down as the result of the fire. 

¡°I was passing through Hapjeong on my way to a wedding in Gwanghwamun, but my navigation system went down,¡± said Sung Ki-dong, 33. ¡°And I couldn¡¯t call people to ask for directions, so I had to use the old way of following the street signs.¡± 

Patients weren¡¯t able to get prescription medications as the internet at some drug stores went down. Meanwhile, restaurant owners were having trouble securing the necessary ingredients as they weren¡¯t able to place calls. 

People delivering food for services that rely on KT internet were forced to take a day off as their food delivery apps had gone out. 

Minister of Science and ICT You Young-min visited the KT branch on Sunday and asked if KT would be able to restore credit card services for small businesses by the end of Sunday.

The three telecommunication companies -- SK Telecom, KT and LG U+ -- ¡°need to swiftly change their contract clauses on compensation issues and also need to come up with plans that would reroute traffic if such accidents, which shouldn¡¯t happen again, happen,¡± You said. 

Traffic should automatically reroute when outages occur, but due to the Ahyeon building¡¯s location in the city and its role within the network, the necessary shifting of traffic did not occur, KT said.

Gov¡¯t continues to whittle subsidy for coal and briquettes 

The government is raising coal and briquette prices again to lessen Korea¡¯s dependency on traditional energy and promote renewable energy.

This is the third year in a row the prices have been raised. 

The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy said the retail price of coal will be raised a maximum of 8 percent while briquettes, a common heating source for lower-income families, will be hiked as much as 19.6 percent. 

The increases will depend on the quality of the coal and briquettes.

The current price for level four coal, which is the best, is 172,660 won ($152.40) per ton. It will be raised to 186,540 won. The maximum briquette factory price will be raised from 534.25 won to 639 won. 

At the G-20 summit in Seoul in 2010, the government promised to end its fossil fuel subsidies by 2020.

The ministry said, by 2020, the prices of coal and briquettes will at least match the production price. 

The government has been keeping coal and briquette retail prices below the production cost since 1989 by subsidizing manufacturers to keep heating prices low for poorer families. 

Despite the hikes, the coal retail price will still be only 75 percent of the production cost. Briquette retail prices will be 76 percent. 

Consumption of coal and briquettes has been falling as the prices rose over the last three years. It has fallen from 1.47 million tons in 2015 to 1.09 million tons last year. 

The government subsidizes poorer families that use coal or briquettes for heating by giving them a yearly subsidy voucher. Last year¡¯s 313,000 won voucher has been raised to 406,000 won this year, a near 30 percent increase. 

Last year, the government spent roughly 22 billion won for vouchers for 70,000 lower-income households. Of the total, 38 percent lived on government subsidies. Such families includes single-parent homes, families with disabilities and seniors living alone.

This year, 640,00 have applied for the vouchers. The vouchers are good through the end of April.

Additionally, the government is offering to pay for any lower-income households to install a boiler heating system. It will pay a maximum of 3 million won subsidy for gas-fueled boiler heating system as well as insulated window frames.

The government has set aside a budget of 1.65 billion won and estimates 5.5 million households will apply for subsidized boiler heating systems. 

Gov¡¯t rolls out support for small shipbuilders 

Small and midsize shipbuilders will be getting 140 orders for liquefied natural gas (LNG)-fueled vessels in addition to 700 billion won ($619 million) in new financial aid and the extending of loans worth 1 trillion won.

These were the latest government measures to prop up the local shipbuilding industry. 

¡°By the end of the year, our shipbuilding industry will be succeeding at getting orders for 12 million CGT (compensated gross tonnage), which would be close to the orders won in 2014,¡± said Sung Yun-mo, minister of trade, industry and energy on Thursday. ¡°Once orders from 2018 are worked on, the shipbuilding industry will see recovery in the second half of next year.¡± 

The government said, by 2025, orders for a total of 140 LNG-fueled vessels will be given to small and midsize (SME) local shipbuilders. The public sector will order 40 of them and the private sector will order the remaining 100. The government said the figure for the private sector was based on a survey. 

It said it expects the next generation environment-friendly ships will translate into 1 trillion won in earnings for SME shipbuilders. In 2017, 78 SME shipbuilders made 601.2 billion won. 

An early project will be converting two tug boats, which produce fine dust, to LNG next year. 

The government added that, with the help of the private sector, it will invest 2.8 trillion won by 2025 in building bunkering infrastructure in Busan and Dangjin, South Chungcheong. The goal is to have an LNG bunkering infrastructure that can build 300,000 tonnes (300,693 tons) in 2019 and 700,000 tonnes by 2022. 

The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy said it is positively reviewing the possibility of making it mandatory for all newly built government ships to be LNG-powered starting in 2020 while designating several major ports including Busan as emission control areas (ECA), which would encourage the conversion of more ships to environment-friendly LNG. 

The government is also offering financial aid worth 700 billion won. This includes 100 billion won of financial aid given to shipbuilding-related materials manufacturers. Each manufacturer will be able to access a maximum of 3 billion won through the state-owned Korea Credit Guarantee Fund and Korea Technology Finance Corporation. Also the government will be offering 200 billion won to environment-friendly materials suppliers such as companies that develop scrubber systems that eliminate sulfur from heavy oils. 

The government will also be expanding refund guarantees backed by the government from the current 100 billion won to 200 billion won. Refund guarantees play a critical role in maintaining an order, as failing to get a government-backed refund guarantee could lead to clients canceling orders. Loans worth 1 trillion won, held by companies located in areas that have been designated industrial crisis management regions, including Gunsan, Geoje and Mokpo, will have their maturity dates extended to the end of 2019 from the end of this year. 

The government is also working on boosting employment in the industry, including extending job support for the shipbuilding industry through June 2019. 

It plans to create 1,000 jobs in areas including ship welding and painting, 120 jobs specializing in environment-friendly and smart technologies and 40 in offshore plants. 

But to boost competitiveness, the government will be allocating 42 billion won between 2019 and 2023 for setting up research and development platforms for hydrogen fuel cell ships and 29.7 billion won until 2021 on ship designing. The goal is to use only Korean core technologies by 2030.

Income gap hits 11-year record in Q3 
The poor get poorer as income-led growth policy fails to kick in 

The income gap is now the widest in 11 years, raising doubts about the Moon Jae-in government¡¯s income-led growth policy, a policy that was supposed to improve the livelihoods of lower-income households.

Laborers have been especially hard hit.

According to Statistics Korea on Thursday, the average income of the top 20 percent of earners was 5.5 times that of the bottom 20 percent in the third quarter of 2018. This is the biggest difference since 2007, when the incomes of the top 20 percent were 5.52 times those of the bottom 20 percent. 

In the third quarter, the incomes in the upper group rose 8.8 percent compared to a year ago to 9.74 million won ($8,616) a month, while incomes in the bottom group fell 7 percent to 1.32 million won. 

Korean monthly incomes on average grew 4.6 percent year on year to 4.75 million won. This is the greatest increase since the first quarter of 2014, when average household incomes grew 5 percent. 

The biggest contributor to the rise was incomes generated by personal wealth, which grew 9.3 percent year on year. The category includes interest and gains from stock investments. Labor incomes grew 4.5 percent. 

Incomes in the bottom 20 percent category have been falling since the beginning of the year. In the last three months of 2017, incomes grew 10.32 percent, but the trend turned quickly, with incomes falling 8 percent in the first quarter year on year and 7.6 percent in the second quarter. 

The top 20 percent have been enjoying year-on-year income growth for 11 consecutive quarters since the first quarter of 2016. 

More stark contrasts are evident if the categories are further broken down. Incomes earned from labor by the bottom 20 percent fell the most since the relevant data was first compiled in 2003. 

In the third quarter, the average labor wages in this group dropped 22.6 percent year on year to 470,000 won a month, which is 139,000 won less than the 618,000 won they took home on average in the third quarter of 2017. 

Those in the bottom 20 percent category that were making their livings by running their own businesses experienced a 13.4 percent income drop to 216,000 won a month. 

The situation was much the same for those in the bottom 40 percent. Average incomes in this group dipped 0.5 percent year on year to 2.84 million won a month. It was the third consecutive quarter of declining incomes for them. 

Labor incomes in this category fell 3.2 percent from 1.67 million won a month a year ago to 1.61 million won this year. 

In the top tier, labor incomes rose 11.3 percent. This group has been enjoying more than 10 percent year-on-year growth in each of the last three quarters. 

The statistics agency blamed the shrinking of income of those in the bottom tier largely on the job losses that they have been facing, especially for those working in temporary and day-to-day jobs. 

In the third quarter, the number of people working under contract fell 3.2 percent compared to a year ago to 4.91 million. Day-to-day hires, or those employed for less than a month, have fallen 4.4 percent to 1.45 million. 

Those working contract jobs account for 33.6 percent of the bottom 20 percent, while day-to-day hires are nearly 17 percent of that group. 

¡°In the case of people in the bottom 20 percent, those working in office jobs have shrunk from 8.2 percent to 5.1 percent compared to a year ago,¡± said Park Sang-young, head of Statistics Korea¡¯s welfare statistics division. ¡°This shows that the equality of jobs is getting worse.¡± 

Due to the shrinking incomes in the lower income bracket, there is now less disposable income available for shopping. 

The disposable income of the bottom 20 percent compared to a year ago has fallen 10.1 percent to just above 1 million won. The the disposable income of the upper 20 percent grew 2.5 percent to 7.41 million won. 

The latest household income report is expected to increase controversy over the current administration¡¯s income-led growth policy, which some argue has been hurting the people it is designed to help. The main goal of income-led growth was to raise the incomes of the poorer households and thus increase the amount of money available for spending, which in turn would boost economic growth and reduce the country¡¯s dependence on exports. 

President Moon Jae-in faced backlash earlier this year when, during a Blue House event, he said that the income situation was improving as the result of income-led growth policies. 

Exports reach record high in first 3 quarters 

In the first nine months of the year, Korea¡¯s exports reached an all-time high, led by upbeat sales of memory chips and petroleum products, government data showed on Thursday.

Outbound shipments reached $450.33 billion in the first three quarters, a 4.7 percent surge from last year, according to the data compiled by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy.

Sales of semiconductors jumped 38.1 percent to reach a high of $95.59 billion in the January-September period, backed by strong global demand for advanced memory chips.

Exports of petroleum goods soared 33.8 percent to $37.72 billion over the period thanks to rising oil prices and robust global demand, also breaking the previous record.

This year, exports of promising new sectors, such as electric vehicles, robots, bio and new high-tech materials, grew at a faster pace to bolster overall growth, the ministry said.

Among them, electric vehicles were the fastest growing segment, with exports surpassing $1 billion for the first time this year, it noted. There has been a huge demand for eco-friendly cars globally as more and more people try to do their part to help control global warming.

If this current trend continues, the nation¡¯s exports are expected to rise to the highest level ever by surpassing $600 billion this year, the ministry said.

On Thursday, Industry Minister Sung Yun-mo met with senior representatives of the Korea International Trade Association to discuss ways to keep the growth momentum going next year.

The ministry said it will work with trade promotion agencies and provincial governments to provide customized support for small and medium-sized exporters and expand global marketing support for promising new sectors.

Household debt breaks 1,500 trillion won in Q3 

It may be a new record, but speed of growth has actually slowed 

Korea¡¯s household debt reached a new high in the third quarter despite the recent slow pace of growth, surpassing the 1,500 trillion won ($1.3 trillion) level for the first time.

The Bank of Korea said on Wednesday that the country¡¯s outstanding household debt, which includes loans from banks and other financial institutions as well as credit card spending, stood at 1,514.4 trillion won between July and September, up 22 trillion won or 1.5 percent from the previous quarter.

The accumulated debt may be higher than ever before, but things appear less dire in terms of the size of the increase.

The quarterly increase of 22 trillion won is the lowest third-quarter record since 2014. Analysts believe that the eased pace is due to the government¡¯s push to tighten lending criteria as part of efforts to temp down the real estate market. 

When compared to the same quarter last year, the growth rate of household indebtedness was 6.7 percent, the lowest since the fourth quarter of 2014. 

Still, the increase trend remains above the income growth rate at 4.2 percent as of the second quarter, which put the central bank on edge.

¡°Although the quarterly increase has slowed, debt grows faster than income growth,¡± a source at the Bank of Korea said. 

¡°That is a matter of concern and will likely increase financial imbalances,¡± the source said. 

Choi Jong-ku, head of the Financial Services Commission, echoed the view, saying that debt levels continue to be contained.

¡°The increase rate has decelerated,¡± he said on Wednesday, ¡°But it needs to be further reduced to the 5 percent rage, a growth rate of nominal gross domestic product (GDP).¡±

The third quarter announcement came after a meeting aimed at managing increasing debt was held on Monday. 

The Financial Services Commission and the Financial Supervisory Service assessed that lending for real estate has stabilized thanks to the government¡¯s tougher restrictions on loans.

Mortgages taken out in the first 10 months shrunk nearly 41 percent from 44.5 trillion won last year to 26.3 trillion won. 

The amount of loans taken out since the beginning of this year is equivalent to 60 percent of last year¡¯s figure, according to the regulator.

But with tightened criteria, more borrowers ? particularly small business owners with low credit ratings ? have resorted to more expensive and riskier loans. 

The amount of new non-mortgage loans, including unsecured loans, increased 14.4 percent from 29.9 trillion won in the first ten months last year to 34.2 trillion won this year.

Labor committee calls for wider union rights 

A committee appointed by a presidential advisory body recommended Tuesday that laid-off workers, the unemployed, firefighters and senior civil servants be allowed to join unions in a step toward complying with International Labour Organization (ILO) standards. 

The recommendation would give the right to virtually all workers to join unions, a contentious subject in Korea. The recommendation will be followed by a second round of discussions through January.

While Korea joined the ILO in 1991, it deferred certain labor conventions, which the ILO allowed. The Moon Jae-in administration decided to tackle the issue last July and the presidential Economic, Social and Labor Council formed a committee to improve regulations and relations between labor and businesses. Much of its deliberations have focused on the deferred ILO Convention No. 87, which covers freedom of association and protection of the right to organize.

Representatives of labor and businesses failed to come to an agreement during the first round of discussions and the committee¡¯s public interest members, who are third party experts, made a decision: to allow unemployed and laid-off workers, grade-five and senior civil servants, and firefighters to join unions.

If the recommendation is upheld, the Korean Teachers and Education Workers Union will be legally considered a union. The union was recently at the center of controversy as it included laid-off teachers as members. The new recommendation also opens up further issues such as allowing union members who are currently not part of organizations to determine the organizations¡¯ social welfare policies and participate in their management. 

The recommendation would also expand the membership of civil service unions to include people at or higher than grade five. Civil servant positions starts at grade nine and go up to grade one. Currently, civil servant at or higher than grade five cannot join unions. 

The possible formation of a firefighters union has also raised concerns about strikes that may lead to tragedies in emergency situations.

The recommendation also includes plans to increase workers exclusively taking part in union activity.

Currently, there are limitations on the number of workers exclusively engaged in union activity. The third party experts recommended that labor and business discuss increasing the union activity time.

Time regulations on union officials were introduced by law in 2010 after criticism that union officials were receiving compensation without doing any actual work. The new recommendation goes against the original intention of that law. 

A second round of discussions will center on an agenda presented by the business sector to bring labor regulations up to a global standard. Some of the requests include regulations that exist abroad but not in Korea, such as allowing job sharing, repealing unfair labor practices, increasing the expiration period of agreements between organizations from two years to four years and restricting strikes from occupying company offices.

Regulations surrounding unfair labor practices are difficult to find outside of the United States and Japan. The United States restricts unfair labor practices by both employers and unions, and Japan has no punishment for unfair labor practices. 

As there is opposition from labor to the business sector¡¯s requests, an agreement between the two parties might again fail, and the next discussion could also end with a recommendation by the committee¡¯s third party experts. 

Friction between labor and business could lead to a dragged out process to ratify ILO conventions. 

¡°The first round results that only focused on the requests of the labor sector do not hold much significance,¡± said Kim Young-wan, the head of the labor policy bureau at the Korea Employers Federation, a business lobbying group. ¡°In order for the convention to be ratified, it needs to include the agenda that will be requested by the business sector in second-round discussions.¡±

Seoul¡¯s first hydrogen bus plies No. 405 route 

A hydrogen-powered bus made its debut in Seoul on Thursday as part of a city government pilot program to see if hydrogen could be a viable source of energy for public transport. 

Thirty more hydrogen-powered buses will be added to regular bus routes in six cities for test runs starting next March. 

Hyundai Motor said Thursday that its latest hydrogen bus has been added to Seoul¡¯s route No. 405, which runs 43 kilometers (26.7 miles) from Yeomgok-dong in southern Seoul to Seoul City Hall in central Seoul. The bus will use the charging station at Hyundai Motor¡¯s Seoul headquarters in Yangjae-dong, southern Seoul, and will run four to five times a day. Route No. 405 already has 18 compressed natural gas-powered buses.

Last month, the first hydrogen bus for public transportation, from a third generation made by Hyundai Motor, was deployed in Ulsan. It is able to travel 317 kilometers on a single charge in cities and can get up to 92 kilometers per hour.

Hyundai Motor, the ministries of Environment, Industry and Transportation as well as the city governments of Seoul; Ulsan; Gwangju; Seosan and Asan in South Chungcheong; and Changwon in South Gyeongsang signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) Thursday to promote hydrogen as a source of energy by building infrastructure and coming up with subsidies to promote the technology.

Under the MOU, seven more hydrogen buses will be delivered to Seoul, three to Ulsan, six to Gwangju, five to Changwon, five to Seosan and four to Asan starting next March.

¡°The hydrogen-powered bus No. 405 will be cleaner, safer and more convenient than any other transportation method,¡± said Chung Jin-haeng, president of Hyundai Motor. 

On the same day, 13 companies agreed to launch a special purpose company (SPC) dubbed Hydrogen Energy Network (HyNet) and invest 135 billion won ($119.4 million) to further promote hydrogen energy in Korea. Hyundai Motor, Korea Electric Power Corporation, Air Liquide, Hyosung Heavy Industries and Kolon Industries are some of the companies that participated in the SPC. 

¡°With the cooperation of the state and city governments, [HyNet] will participate in building charging stations for hydrogen-powered vehicles and other infrastructure,¡± Hyundai Motor said in a statement. 

Hydrogen-powered buses are being deployed around the world for public transportation as their quick charging time and ability to travel longer distances give them an advantage over lithium-ion electric vehicles. Buses¡¯ regular routes also makes it easier to recharge, even with a limited number of charging stations. Global consulting firm McKinsey predicted the number of hydrogen buses will reach five million units globally by 2050. 

Some 150 hydrogen buses are already in operation in Europe and Toyota announced that 100 of its hydrogen buses will be on Japan¡¯s roads by 2020. In June, the Korean government said it plans to operate 1,000 hydrogen buses in the country by 2022. 

Boao¡¯s regional forum in Seoul attracts 800-strong crowd 

Lee Nak-yon, Korean prime minister, sixth from left, Ban Ki-moon, chairman of the Boao Forum Asia, seventh from left, China¡¯s state councilor Wang Yong, fifth from left, Federation of Korean Industries Chairman Huh Chang-soo, fourth from left, and Samsung Electronics Chairman Kwon Oh-hyun, fourth from right, pose at the Boao Forum Asia at the Hotel Shilla in Seoul on Tuesday.

Business leaders from Korea and China gathered in Seoul on Tuesday to discuss the importance of Asian countries joining forces amid the rise of protectionism and Donald Trump¡¯s ¡°America First¡± policy.

Former UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, who was elected chairman of the Boao Forum Asia in April, said in a speech that Asian countries such as Korea, Japan, Singapore and China have achieved industrialization and urbanization by integrating with the world economy. As a result, hundreds of millions of Asians escaped poverty and the continent became the growth engine of the world.

Other Asian countries are following in their footstep, Ban said, having recognized globalization and the opening up of the markets as the best route to economic development and prosperity. 

¡°Even though some part of the globe is moving in a different direction, Asia is supposed to maintain its open-door policy and expand, I believe,¡± Ban said.

Some 800 businessmen, politicians and government officials from Korea and China attended the Boao Forum for Asia Seoul Conference 2018, which kicked off on Monday with the theme ¡°An Open and Innovative Asia¡± at the Hotel Shilla in central Seoul. Tuesday was the second and final day of the conference. 

The main Boao conference takes place yearly in Hainan Province, China, and regional meetings have been held elsewhere. This is the first time a regional conference is taking place in North Asia outside of China. 

The number of attendees of the Seoul event, 800, is up to four times bigger than for other regional meetings, and Ban is said to have played a role in Seoul being selected as a host. 

Hyundai Motor Group Executive Vice Chairman Chung Eui-sun, SK Chairman Chey Tae-won and CJ Chairman Sohn Kyung-shik appeared at the venue to greet Chinese visitors but did not participate in the official schedule. Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong did not show up. He used to be a board member of the forum but resigned earlier this year.

Only a few key executives from conglomerates showed up at the welcome banquet that took place at the Sebitseom, a cultural complex on the Han River, on Monday. Kim Dong-yeon, deputy prime minister, was one of the few notable figures seen at the venue. Even the Federation of Korean Industries (FKI) Chairman Huh Chang-soo did not appear. 

The forum is a key event for Seoul, but the FKI, the co-host, is keeping a low profile after its involvement in corruption helped topple the Park Geun-hye administration. Ever since, the FKI has been trying to take off its identity as a business lobbying group and reinvent itself as a think tank. The Boao Seoul forum is considered part of that effort. 

Samsung Electronics Chairman Kwon Oh-hyun told the audience that Asia should innovate to find new growth engines and fundamental solutions to environmental and social issues, respect diversity and make education more creative. 

Steaks high as beef goes blockchain 

Lee Su-hyun, left, the chief of the Korea Agricultural Cooperative Marketing, checks beef origins and supply chains with a cattle tracing system at a discount mart in Seoul on Jan. 31.
The Korean government said Tuesday it will use blockchain technology to track beef through the supply chain to provide consumers with information about the source of their food.

The Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Ministry of Science and ICT will jointly launch the pilot program in cattle farms and slaughterhouses in North Jeolla by December.

After a trial period, the system will be formally launched in January 2019, the ministries said in a joint release.

The current cattle tracing system provides information from birth to slaughter, packaging and sales to ensure the safety of the meat. The paper-based reporting system, however, takes time and money, and is exposed to risks of fake certificates.

The new platform uses blockchain technology to store related information and certificates in a distributed ledger to enhance efficiency and credibility, the ministries said.

Finance minister advocates debate, unity 
He said the leaders should ultimately speak with one voice 

Outgoing Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon met with new Blue House policy chief Kim Soo-hyun for the first time since a senior position reshuffle was announced earlier this month. During the meeting, he expressed hope the administration¡¯s new economic team will succeed in implementing President Moon Jae-in¡¯s economic policies. 

Kim also said that after his successor Hong Nam-ki takes over, which will occur following National Assembly confirmation, it will be important to hold meetings between ministry officials and the Blue House. The debate between them should be fierce, but ultimately they should speak with a unified voice when addressing issues publicly, he added. 

On Nov. 9, the Blue House replaced both Finance Minister Kim and Blue House policy director Jang Ha-sung. The two were in conflict over a wide range of issues, from the minimum wage to job creation. 

While Finance Minister Kim called for a slowdown in the increase of the minimum wage, as higher wages are affecting job numbers, Jang believes that it will take time before income-led growth actually helps the economy and that employment numbers will improve eventually. 

Income-led growth, which includes raising the minimum wage, has been the central tenet of this administration¡¯s economic policy. 

Because of the discord between the two officials, the Blue House was said to be planning both of their retirements.

Kim is being replaced by Hong, head of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, while Jang is being replaced by Kim Soo-hyun, Blue House senior secretary for social affairs. 

Kim said that at the meeting on Tuesday he discussed a wide range of economic issues, from jobs to regulatory reforms. 

¡°We exchanged thoughts on many issues, including passing next year¡¯s budget by the end of this year, problems with tax reforms and next year¡¯s economic policy direction, which will be the job of the new finance minister,¡± Kim said. 

The Finance Minister said that he is concerned that the nation is losing its economic vitality and that investment has been declining. 

¡°We are at a point where we should push innovative growth, and that would include regulatory reforms that will breathe life into the market and companies,¡± Kim said.

¡°Innovative companies are the essential to economic growth and job creation,¡± Kim said. 

¡°There is a need to implement measures that will not lead to a zero-sum game but to a plus-sum game in areas where there is a vivid clash of interests.¡± 

He said that his economic team has been working on fostering an atmosphere and creating conditions that will help establish an ecosystem for innovative growth. This includes the formation of innovation funds. 

¡°I expect the next economic team, with the existing foundation, will achieve real results,¡± Kim noted. 

He advised the new economic team to focus on policies that will not only continue to encourage the creation of new innovative companies, but also help these companies advance and expand.

The new Blue House policy director said the meeting helped but refrained from making additional comments. 

The Blue House policy director previously stressed the importance of speaking with one voice, saying that the nation¡¯s economic policies will be directed in a unified fashion by the finance ministry. 

Also in attendance were ministers from other economic ministries, including the Land, Infrastructure and Transport, SMEs and Startups and Science and ICT ministers, and the Minister of Health and Welfare. 

Most vulnerable hit hardest as positions vanish 
Minimum wage rise is one factor in the sharp drop in available jobs 

The economically vulnerable were the most affected in the latest round of job losses, especially laborers working in positions that require no specific skills. 

The number of contract jobs and day-to-day hires also continues to shrink. 

The minimum wage hike, which was supposed to improve the livelihoods of the economically vulnerable, has so far created challenges for those most in need of work. 

Last month, the number of people in basic-labor jobs totaled 3.56 million, 93,000 fewer than in the same month a year ago, according to Statistics Korea. This was the biggest drop since the government began collecting the relevant data in 2013. 

The number of people occupying such jobs has fallen in each of the seven months since April, when there were 19,000 fewer jobs than the year before. The situation has only become more dire over time. In August, 50,000 basic-labor jobs were lost compared to the same period a year earlier. The following month, the number was down 84,000 year-on-year.

The category includes construction, gas stations and delivery work. 

Last month, the number of people working in ¡°quality¡± jobs increased. Office jobs were up 117,000 in October compared to the same month a year earlier. Management positions jumped 66,000. 

Regular-employee job numbers were up 350,000 compared to a year ago, whereas in the temporary job category - which includes those hired for less than a year - the total was down 138,000. Day-to-day employment, which includes employment lasting less than a month, fell 13,000. 

Temporary job numbers have been on the decline for 26 consecutive months, since Sept. 2016, while day-to-day hiring has been falling for 12 consecutive months, since last November. 

In the temporary job category, the year-on-year jobs losses have been more than 100,000 since May.

¡°While economic sluggishness has had an influence, the hike in the minimum wage had a direct impact on these low-paying jobs,¡± said Sung Tae-yoon, a Yonsei University economics professor. ¡°Basic-labor jobs, which employ many of the most vulnerable, are disappearing rapidly.¡± 

In meeting with reporters on Nov. 9, Finance Minister nominee Hong Nam-ki hinted that the government has no plans to change the overall policy regarding the minimum wage. 

¡°I think that the government has already adjusted the speed in implementing the minimum wage hike since President Moon [Jae-in] mentioned that it would be difficult to keep his campaign promise,¡± Hong told reporters. 

During the 2017 presidential race, President Moon promised to raise the minimum wage to 10,000 won ($8.88) per hour by 2020. Following the 16 percent increase in 2018, the minimum wage is set to increase 10.9 percent to 8,350 won next year. 

The government has been criticized for ignoring the need for major policy changes, relying instead on temporary measures in trying to solve the current job crisis, such as by increasing the number of public servants. 

According to Bank of Korea, the public administration and national defense-related economy grew 3.7 percent in the third quarter compared to a year ago. This is the sharpest growth since the 4 percent growth in the fourth quarter of 2009. 

The bank added that the public administration and national defense economy grew largely because of hiring in the public sector. 

The government plans to hire 174,000 additional public employees and create 59,000 temporary positions in the public sector, such as internships, through 2022. 

¡°Increasing jobs only in the public sector will not turn around the worsening job situation,¡± said Pyo Hak-gil, a Seoul National University honorary professor of economics. The government ¡°needs to focus on helping the private sector increase investment and jobs.¡±

Central bank governor calls for resilience, preparation 

On Monday, Korea¡¯s central bank chief said that it is necessary to build resilience against fallout stemming from financial jitters in foreign countries.

¡°We must enhance the overall resilience of the regional economy so that sudden changes in capital flows triggered by external shocks do not lead to systemic risks,¡± Bank of Korea (BOK) Gov. Lee Ju-yeol said in a conference in Seoul.

As a small, open economy, South Korea is very susceptible to external financial challenges, such as monetary normalization of the United States or a stock rout from either the United States or China.

In the Korean stock market, foreign ownership stands at some 35 percent of market capitalization.

¡°To this end, we must reinforce our capacities and policy space to properly respond to external risks,¡± said Lee. ¡°This may be done by improving current account balances, holding sufficient foreign reserves and enhancing exchange rate flexibility.¡±

He also said the international community should make concerted efforts to beef up financial safety nets in Asia in a way to buffer possible downside risks coming from other side of the world.

License plates could be getting fresh design 

The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport is conducting an online survey on its website through Dec. 2 on the design of passenger vehicles¡¯ license plates, as a new numbering system will be introduced next September.

The Transport Ministry decided to introduce a new numbering system for private and rented passenger vehicles last July as the number of available registration numbers will run out by the end of next year. The inclusion of an extra number in the new numbering system is expected to increase available registration numbers to around 210 million.

People who take the survey can choose from five different designs, including keeping the current design.

The four new choices all include a blue design format on the plate¡¯s left side with the Korean flag symbol on top, the abbreviated ¡°KOR¡± on the bottom and involve a font change and/or an inclusion of a symbol in the center of the plate.

The first new choice is the current design with the Korean flag symbol and the ¡°KOR.¡± The second adds a symbol in the center of the plate. The third has a new font without the symbol, while the final choice has both the font change and the symbol.

The Transport Ministry explained that the new designs were the result of joint research between professional road safety institutes. The Ministry also said the new designs include features such as a hologram to prevent counterfeiting and a reflecting film that improves nighttime visibility. 

Should a new design be decided, the ministry said it is planning to give drivers a choice of continuing to use the current design as the new film coating could increase the cost of the plate.

¡°We will meet the various requests of the public by improving vehicle registration plates, and work towards establishing a safe driving environment by implementing measures to prevent counterfeit plates and nighttime accidents,¡± said a Transport Ministry official.

The Ministry said the survey will be complemented by a Gallup Korea poll conducted over the same period, from yesterday to Dec. 2. The final design will be announced by the end of this year based on the survey and poll results.

Average income grew by 750,000 Won in 2017 

Annual incomes rose last year, with the top 10 percent of Koreans earning more than 67 million won ($59,740) a year and 440,000 people making over 100 million won, a recent study found. 

The Korea Economic Research Institute (KERI) reported Sunday that the average annual salary in Korea was 34.75 million won last year, according to data on 15.19 million workers provided by the Ministry of Employment and Labor. The 2017 average was up 750,000 won, or 2.2 percent, compared to 2016, when the average was 34 million won. 

The median income in 2017 was 27.20 million won, which was also higher by 800,000 won or 3 percent compared to the previous year. 

Workers in the top 10 percent earned more than 67.46 million won and an average of 96.20 million won last year. Their income rose 1.4 percent on average compared to the previous year. The top 10 to 20 percent earned an average of 57.14 million won, while the top 20 to 30 percent earned an average of 43.65 million won. 

The bottom 10 percent earned an average annual salary of 6.56 million won, unchanged from the previous year. Workers in the bottom 10 to 20 percent earned an average of 14.16 million won, or 5.3 percent higher than the previous year, the highest growth among all income brackets. The average income of workers in the bottom 20 to 30 percent was 18.01 million won, or 5 percent higher on-year. 

The average annual salary of full-time employees at conglomerates was 64.60 million won, nearly double the average salary of full-timers at small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), which stood at 35.95 million won. 

The income gap between workers at conglomerates and smaller companies improved slightly from 2016.

While the average salary of employees working at conglomerates decreased by 600,000 won, the average income of employees working at SMEs increased by 1.02 million won. As a result, the average annual salary of employees at SMEs was 55.6 percent of the average of employees at conglomerates in 2017, up from 53.6 percent in the previous year. 

Some 440,000 workers, or 2.9 percent of the total, earned an annual salary of over 100 million won. Another 3.4 percent of workers earned between 80 and 100 million won, while 7.1 percent earned between 60 and 80 million won and 15.4 percent earned between 40 and 60 million won. Over 70 percent of Koreans earned less than 40 million won a year, with 31 percent of them earning less than 20 million won. 

¡°The average annual salary rose overall despite negative external and internal factors like the U.S.-China trade war and challenges in the domestic automobile and shipbuilding industries,¡± said Choo Kwang-ho, the head of KERI¡¯s Employment Strategy Department. ¡°The salaries of people in the bottom 10 to 30 percent rose by over 5 percent, while salaries of full-timers at SMEs rose. With salaries of workers at conglomerates decreasing by 0.9 percent, the gap between employees of SMEs and conglomerates narrowed.¡± 

Apartment prices are falling even in Seoul 

Apartment prices fell for the first time in 13 weeks, according to the Korea Appraisal Board (KAB), possibly affected by the government¡¯s attempts to cool down the real-estate market.

The government-funded real-estate information provider said in a report Thursday that average sales prices for Korean apartments slid 0.02 percent this week. 

This was the first time apartment prices fell since the second week of August, when they dropped 0.03 percent.

On Sept. 13, the government announced a series of measures to crack down on speculation and cool off the overheated real estate market. 

The measures included restrictions on mortgages for multiple homeowners, and increases to the general real-estate tax for high-priced residences.

¡°Prices have slowed down as the impact of the Sept. 13 measures is beginning to show,¡± said Kim Eun-jin, head of research at Budongsan 114, an online real estate service provider. ¡°Purchasing ability has been greatly reduced with the strengthening of loan restrictions and there are also expectations about the government¡¯s policy to increase supply.

¡°We expect the market to be calm until late this year and early next year as there are other uncertainties, such as a possible interest-rate hike,¡± she added.

Seoul¡¯s residential real-estate market had a bullish run earlier this year. Seoul apartment prices rose 7.20 percent so far this year compared to a 3.19 percent decrease in prices in areas outside the Seoul metropolitan region.

This week marked the first time Seoul apartment sale prices fell in 61 weeks, since the first week of September 2017.

According to the KAB report, Seoul¡¯s apartment prices retreated 0.01 percent this week. Eleven districts south of the river in the capital city, which led much of the increases in apartment prices this year, fell by 0.03 percent this week.

Prices in affluent Gangnam District in southern Seoul fell by 0.09 percent this week, and prices in Gangdong District, also in southern Seoul, fell for the first time in 27 weeks.

Apartment prices in Yongsan District, central Seoul, which rose 10.49 percent this year on expectations of urban development projects, remained unchanged this week. Regions outside the Seoul metropolitan region declined by 0.05 percent. 

Late last month, Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport Kim Hyun-mee said during an audit by lawmakers that the real estate market was stable since the Sept. 13 measures.

Prices for long-term deposit rentals, known as jeonse, were already seeing a downward trend. Jeonse prices fell this week by 0.04 percent in the overall apartment market, following a 0.04 percent fall the previous week.

Official spending drives growth 
Economy increasingly dependent on support from the government 

Reliance on government spending for economic growth and job creation has increased over the years, according to recent reports by the government and lawmakers.

In its ¡°2018 Fiscal Policy Report¡±, the Finance Ministry said that the government¡¯s contribution last year to GDP growth was 0.8 percentage points, up from a 0.0 percentage point contribution in 2011.

The 2017 figure indicates that government spending accounted for more than a quarter of the total GDP growth rate of 3.1 percent that year. Government consumption contributed 0.5 percentage points to GDP growth, while investment in areas such as construction and facilities accounted for 0.2 percentage points.

The Finance Ministry said it expects this year¡¯s contribution from government expenditure to remain similar or higher than last year¡¯s, hinting at an even greater reliance on government spending.

Moody¡¯s recently forecasted this year¡¯s economic growth rate at 2.5 percent.

Total government expenditure increased 7.1 percent this year, the highest since the fallout of the global financial crisis in 2009.

Job creation has also become dependent on the government. According to audit reports by Liberty Korea Party lawmaker Choo Kyung-ho, out of the monthly average of 100,382 newly recruited workers through September, the public sector employed 62,501 workers, or 62 percent, of the total.

¡°To increase high-quality jobs, the private sector needs to come alive, but we aren¡¯t seeing such signs,¡± said Choo. ¡°We need to change the policy direction to revive the private sector, but we are currently under government-led or tax-led growth that requires spending.¡±

Fiscal spending has been most prominent during tough economic times. In 2009, after the global financial crisis, the government¡¯s contribution to GDP growth hit an all-time-high of 2.1 percentage points. In 2016, when the country was hit by the MERS epidemic and Thaad deployment retaliation by China, government spending accounted for 0.9 percentage points of economic growth.

Despite the total 54 trillion won ($47.86 billion) spent on job creation over the past two years, the unemployment rate this October hit 3.5 percent, the same figure as in October 2005.

¡°While it is correct to increase fiscal spending when the economic situation is difficult, we are currently spending taxes to make up for problematic policies such as the minimum wage hike and the reduction of weekly working hours,¡± said Kim Tae-gi, an economics professor at Dankook University.

¡°I am worried that the vicious cycle of new fiscal spending making up for inefficient fiscal policies suppressing the private sector may worsen,¡± added Kim.

There are even concerns about ¡°fiscal spending addiction.¡± 

Instead of solving the economic problems by encouraging private sector investment and increasing consumption, the country could begin to rely on spending. 

This phenomenon is noticeable in the increase in the government¡¯s mandatory expenditures.

Government expenditure is categorized as mandatory or discretionary, whereby the former covers legally-mandated areas such as healthcare and the latter is adjustable based on government policy.

This year marks the first time that mandatory spending - 217 trillion won - has ever been greater than discretionary spending - 212 trillion won. Mandatory spending will likely increase in the future, according to the Finance Ministry.

¡°If welfare expenditure, which is difficult to cut when increased, continues to grow, it will put a burden on the government¡¯s fiscal health,¡± cautioned Koo Chung-mo, professor emeritus of economics at Kangwon National University. ¡°It would be fine during periods of high tax collection, but if taxes decrease due to the worsening economy in the future, fiscal spending could come back like a boomerang.¡±

Unemployment rate rises to 3.5% 

Despite official efforts to boost job numbers, the unemployment rate in October climbed 0.3 percentage points from last year to 3.5 percent as people in their 40s and 50s faced challenges in the market, according to Statistics Korea on Wednesday. 

The 3.5 percent rate is the highest for any October since 2005, in which the same rate was reported. The number is a measure of unemployed people as a percentage of the total labor force. 

In September, the unemployment rate was 3.6 percent, a 13-year high.

Compared to a last year, the number of new hires in October grew 64,000. The year-on-year growth of new hires for the past four months came in below 100,000 - 5,000 in July, 3,000 in August and 45,000 in September. 

¡°The increase in the number of new hires in October was higher than in the previous couple of months, which may indicate that the situation is improving. But it¡¯s not,¡± said Bin Hyun-joon, an official in charge of employment statistics at Statistics Korea. ¡°Overall, the employment situation is flagging, with the employment rate dropping for nine straight months.¡±

New hires in Korea have historically totaled between 100,000 and 400,000 a month. The total number of employed in the country as of October was 27.09 million.

The employment rate, the ratio of the employed to the working-age population, for October stood at 61.2 percent, down 0.2 percentage points from last year. The number has been in decline for nine consecutive months, since February. That is the longest decline since the 27 months between January 2008 and March 2010.

The silver lining lies in the fact that the employment rate among those aged between 25 and 29 was the highest since the data was first compiled in 1982, at 70.2 percent. Those who were employed as of October from that age group totaled 2.426 million, up 102,000 from a year earlier. 

Statistics Korea explained that for the age group hiring was strong in health care, construction and IT and communications sectors.

The number of those in their 40s who were employed in October totaled 6.645 million, down 152,000 from last year The figure for those in their 50s increased 6,000 over the one-year period to a total of 6.49 million. The number of employed in their 30s decreased 74,000 year on year. 

The job market for those in their 40s has been challenging. People in their 50s, whose employment outlook had been good, faced hardship in October, especially those working in retail and wholesale and at restaurants, according to Statistics Korea.

By industry, the number of jobs in construction, agriculture and fisheries, health care, social welfare services and ICT increased, whereas those in wholesale, retail, accommodations and restaurants declined in October year on year. The situation in the accommodation and restaurant categories was particularly bad, with the total falling 97,000, or 3.2 percent, from a year earlier, the most dramatic year-on-year decline since 2013.

In October, the Ministry of Economy and Finance promised to create 59,000 jobs by the end of the year.

Trade expert says Korea should join CPTPP 

The U.S. midterm elections earlier this month were of great interest to the Korean government and companies, largely because of the impact that a Democratic takeover of Congress could have on the ongoing trade war between the United States and China. 

As a country that relies on the two superpowers for one-third of its trade, Korea is directly impacted by the prolonged trade conflict. 

Daniel Ikenson, trade policy director at Cato Institute, a liberal U.S. think tank, says Korea should consider joining the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), led by 11 countries including Japan, as a means of divesting from China and the United States. Ikenson said the ongoing dispute is unlikely to be resolved in the near future, even though the Democrats have taken over the U.S. House of Representatives. 

Ikenson is an expert in U.S.-China relations and has authored dozens of papers on various trade policies with a special focus on U.S.-China issues since he joined the institute in 2000. 

¡°I think a lot of people were hoping that a Democratic takeover of the House would serve to rein in Trump¡¯s protectionist trade policies,¡± Ikenson said as he sat down for an interview with the Korea JoongAng Daily on the sidelines of an international forum hosted by the Korea International Trade Association in Seoul on Monday. ¡°I don¡¯t think it will.¡± 

According to Ikenson, both Republicans and Democrats recognize that China has not been playing by fair trade rules and are willing to come up with strong measures to make it change its practices, though they don¡¯t necessarily agree that imposing heavy tariffs is the way to go. 

The trade policy expert said he hopes the two parties will persuade Trump to rejoin the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), now the CPTPP. Trump decided to pull the United States out of the partnership last year. The TPP was championed by former U.S. President Barack Obama and was intended to rewrite the rules for global trade and effectively keep a check on China. 

¡°TPP to me wasn¡¯t perfect, but it was the best game in town,¡± the trade policy director said. 

According to Ikenson, the original 12 members of the TPP, including the United States and Japan, accounted for about 40 percent of the global GDP. Trade between the members, which includes some of China¡¯s regional partners, would likely have encouraged China to join the group as well. 

¡°That would be a way to encourage China to play better on intellectual property, forced technology transfers and on subsidies, because there were rules that were developing within the TPP,¡± he said. 

Ikenson encouraged Korea to join the CPTPP to save itself from the dilemma of siding with either superpower. 

¡°Even though Korea has bilateral agreements with every country except Japan, there is a strength in numbers in this group of countries [that can] counterweight larger economies like the U.S. and China,¡± Ikenson said. ¡°Achieving some commonality of perspectives within the group could help insulate Korea from the fallout.¡± 

The trade policy expert assessed that the New Southern Policy initiative of the Moon Jae-in administration was a ¡°good strategy.¡± The policy aims at expanding economic partnerships with Southeast Asian countries as well as countries in South Asia, including India, and reducing dependence on the United States and China. 

According to the Cato director, the Trump administration is trying to encourage its allies to divest from China by keeping tariffs in place so that companies won¡¯t want to keep China as their final point of assembly. 

¡°The Trump administration has inserted into the new free trade agreement (FTA) between [Canada, Mexico and the United States] a provision that the agreement can be terminated if the other parties have an FTA with a non-market economy,¡± he said. ¡°So there might be some pressure on Korea at some point.¡± 

As for other impacts of the U.S. midterm elections on Korea, Ikenson said the recent negotiations on the Korea-U.S. free trade agreement (Korus) could be slowed by the Democrats if they want to deprive Trump of something he can point to as a political victory. 

¡°If the Democrats are interested to see something in the Korus, they might hold out and insist on it,¡± Ikenson said. ¡°I think the administration would say we don¡¯t need Congressional approval because this is just a modification to the original Korus, but the fact is they can argue.¡± 

Ikenson cited the 25 percent tariff that the United States holds on pick-up truck imports, which has been extended for another 20 years under the revised Korus. 

¡°To me, that requires Congress to sign off because it¡¯s a tariff [and] there might be other provisions, depending on what happens here in Korea, during the ratification process,¡± he said.

Moody¡¯s warns of tough times for automakers 

A global ratings agency warned Tuesday that American protectionism could deal a harsh blow to Korea¡¯s auto industry, painting a dark picture of prospect for Hyundai Motor and its affiliates.

¡°Even if the trade row between the United States and China worsens, it will have a limited impact on most Korean companies,¡± said Chris Park, associate managing director at Moody¡¯s. 

¡°Still, potential U.S. tariffs, although unlikely, would have a significant impact on Korean auto companies,¡± he said.

The assessment came after Moody¡¯s trimmed its projection for Korea¡¯s gross domestic product growth to 2.5 percent this year and 2.3 percent next year. Those are lower than projections by local institutions like the Bank of Korea and the Korea Development Institute, which both predict 2.7 percent growth for this year.

In his presentation, Park picked the auto industry as ¡°most exposed¡± to the risks of U.S.-China trade tensions while telecommunications and retail sectors were described as being the most immune. Park said that Hyundai Motor¡¯s four affiliates - Hyundai Motor, Kia Motors, Hyundai Glovis, and Hyundai Mobis - and SK Telecom are the only five Korean companies out of 23 companies Moody¡¯s rates to have negative outlooks. 

KCC, a construction materials manufacturer, is under review for a lowering of its credit rating because its planned acquisition of Momentive Performance Materials, a U.S.-based silicone manufacturer, could put a strain on the company¡¯s finances. 

Park said the prospects for other industries - including banking, electronics, semiconductor and steel - remain sound with a stable flow of profits. As for the broader state of Korea¡¯s economy, different risks loom large. 

¡°While South Korea¡¯s exports are exposed to the U.S.-China trade tensions via supply chain linkages, outlook for external demand and domestic labor market policies have weighed on the economic sentiment, as well as actual investment,¡± said Christian de Guzman, senior credit officer of the Sovereign Risk Group at Moody¡¯s, at a press briefing in Seoul.

Guzman cited an ageing population and geopolitical risks as long-term risks for the country¡¯s economy. 

¡°We¡¯ve lowered our assessment of the geopolitical risks given many positive developments earlier this year, such as the summits between the two Koreas as well as the U.S. and North Korea. But we still think the prominent and endurable easing of the bilateral tensions are far from certain,¡± he stated. In the short-term, the ratings agency cautioned about weak domestic demand, an unfavorable jobs situation and rising domestic uncertainties stemming from the government¡¯s push to raise the minimum wage and cut working hours. 

Prices drive the culture out of Seoul¡¯s cultural hub 
Rent hikes have left buildings empty in Samcheong-dong 

Samcheong-dong, a neighborhood in central Seoul known for its chic galleries and traditional hanok-themed cafes, is rapidly changing as high rent drives away small artists and merchants and major brands move in.

Today, instead of being filled with tourists, many of Samcheong-dong¡¯s commercial buildings are unoccupied. Some stores appear to have been vacated in a rush and the scattered pieces of furniture inside add a sense of eeriness to the sparsely populated neighborhood. 

Just a few years ago, people flocked to Samcheong-dong, an area just north of the famous Gyeongbok Palace, to enjoy a glass of wine inside a remodeled hanok, a traditional Korean house, or visit modern galleries and listen to old Korean hits at a bar.

Samcheong-dong¡¯s development from a humble residential neighborhood into a cultural hub began in the early 2000s, when galleries and art museums moved in and the government embarked on a large-scale renovation project to restore the terracotta roof-tiled Korean houses in the region. The face-lift attracted artists from neighboring Insa-dong, who were trying to escape the rising rent and influx of large franchises there. 

The five years following 2010 were the heyday of Samcheong-dong. With its hip art galleries and unique blend of the traditional and modern, the region became a mecca for bloggers and a must-visit attraction for tourists hailing from Japan and China.

¡°In the past, the area overflowed with tourists on both weekdays and weekends,¡± said Lee Won-shik, the head of Samcheong-dong Community Service Center. ¡°Nowadays, I¡¯m astonished at how empty the streets are, even on the weekends.¡± 

Today, franchises are crowding out the area, with coffee shops like Starbucks and makeup stores like Aritaum and It¡¯s Skin threatening to turn Samcheong-dong into another shopping district. This has not only led to a huge surge in rent prices, but a fall in the number of customers visiting the area in search of a cultural experience.

"Some of the property here now sells for 70 to 80 million won ($61,640) per pyeong (35.6 square feet), with monthly rent often exceeding 10 million won,¡± said Lee Jae-bok, a realtor in the neighborhood. 

The rent for commercial property in Samcheong-dong is much higher than the average for Jongno District. Currently, the rent for a 33-square-meter (355-square-foot) shop is priced at 1.46 million won, while the district average is 1.2 million won, according to the Jongno District Office. At the same time, the cafes and restaurants in Samcheong-dong earn around 10 million won less per month compared to the district average. 

Discouraged shopkeepers are packing their bags and looking to move out, unable to keep up with rising rent and falling profit.

¡°I used to earn 50 to 60 million won in monthly sales four or five years ago, but now I barely earn 30 million won,¡± said Lee Won-hee, who runs a clothing shop in Samcheong-dong. ¡°I¡¯ve put my property on sale, but I haven¡¯t been able to find any buyers yet.¡±

Local merchants complain that their landlords don¡¯t understand the neighborhood.

¡°Many of the landlords are not from the area, so they don¡¯t really have an emotional connection with Samcheong-dong,¡± said a local merchant. ¡°They only care about maximizing profit, not about whether the area prospers.¡±

While the government has taken action to address shopkeepers¡¯ concerns, its efforts have not brought about many visible results. Last month, landlords failed to show up to a meeting organized by the Jongno District Office to give tenants and landlords an opportunity to discuss rent issues together.

Samcheong-dong is not alone in experiencing this pattern of development, boom and soaring rent in Seoul. Insa-dong¡¯s streets are now filled with souvenir shops stockpiled with goods made in China, while the high rent in Gangnam District¡¯s Apgujeong-dong and Itaewon¡¯s Gyeongnidan-gil have seen franchises replace independent stores there as well.

Tensions between one tenant and a landlord boiled over to violence in June, causing the issue of high rent to resurface in the media and political discussions. 

The owner of a pig trotter restaurant in Seochon, another popular area in Jongno District, attacked his landlord with a hammer after being charged a monthly rent of 12 million won ($10,700), over four times what the previous landlord had asked for.

¡°Rent prices need to be flexible to allow new shops to open and attract new customers for a commercial district to thrive,¡± advised analyst Lee Sang-hyuk of the Sangga Research & Review Lab.

¡°Due to heightened competition, commercial districts need to offer experiences and goods unavailable anywhere else,¡± said Prof. Mo Jong-ryn, who teaches international political economy at Yonsei University. ¡°Samcheong-dong can only prosper if it can bring in innovative shops that incorporate the region¡¯s existing resources like art museums, galleries and hanok.¡± 

Trade experts warn that Korea needs to diversify partners 

Trade experts at a forum in Seoul cautioned that Korea needs to diversify its trade partners to ensure its survival as the U.S. midterm results are unlikely to bring a dramatic shift to the country¡¯s protectionist trade policies.

Business lobbying group Korea International Trade Association held its ¡°What Happens Next: U.S. trade policy and U.S.-China trade conflict after midterm elections¡± forum at the InterContinental Seoul Coex in southern Seoul with about 250 Korean and international participants from academia, the government and private sector.

¡°Regardless of the U.S. House of Representatives, or probably even regardless of the change of leadership two years from now, I don¡¯t believe there will be significant change with respect to the U.S. trade policy, particularly with respect to China,¡± said Lee Jae-min, a professor at the School of Law at Seoul National University. 

¡°This is not just Trump¡¯s personal agenda or the Republican Party¡¯s agenda,¡± Lee added, ¡°Rather, I think this is the overall reaction of the United States toward global trade in general.¡±

Lee said he believes Trump¡¯s trade policies could become more aggressive during the second half of his term to improve his chances of re-election.

Daniel Ikenson, trade policy director at U.S. liberal think tank Cato Institute, said that Trump¡¯s tack toward China and other trade partners is actually ¡°more in line with what Democrats have wanted over the years,¡± reaffirming that Democrats taking the House won¡¯t mean a shift in protectionist trade policies or a trade war with China.

¡°There is a bipartisan recognition that China has not been playing by the rules,¡± Ikenson said, adding that there are differing views, however, on whether imposing tariffs is the best way to handle the problem. 

Many Americans also feel the country has been too lenient on trade for the last several decades after it helped other trade partners, including Korea, build up industries after World War II, he said.

Expert projections leave uncertainty over the future of Korea¡¯s global trade as the country is heavily dependent on exports and imports with both the United States and China.

¡°Only a handful of countries will be able to avoid direct and indirect ramifications of the U.S.-China trade dispute,¡± said KITA CEO Kim Young-ju. ¡°Korea is likely to be among the most vulnerable, due to its proximity to both countries in terms of geography, economy and security.¡±

According to KITA, the two countries currently account for about a third of Korea¡¯s total trade and 38 percent of corporate investments.

Ikenson advised Korea to diversify its trade markets and expand partnerships with emerging nations like India and Southeast Asian countries to survive through uncertainties caused by the U.S.-China conflict. The trade policy director also suggested Korea communicate a lot with the World Trade Organization and request the organization mediate its trade relationship with the United States. 

As for relationships between the United States and China, Miaojie Yu, deputy dean at the National School of Development at China¡¯s Peking University, said the two countries should try to solve the problem in talks rather than by waging trade wars. 

Andrew Polk, partner and co-founder of the Beijing-based strategic advisory firm Trivium China, however, said it will be hard for the two countries to reach a sustainable agreement as they are essentially fighting for leadership in future technologies, not only in terms of trade.

Nominees push a flexible income-led growth 

The new nominees for finance minister and presidential policy chief won¡¯t get much time to settle into their new roles as a series of reports warn that the Korean economy has plunged into a downturn.

The initial remarks by Hong Nam-ki, the finance minister nominee, and Kim Soo-hyun, the president¡¯s pick for chief of staff for policy, reflect that their broad policy direction will be built on the same income-led growth platform as their predecessors, but with a bit more flexibility.

¡°We need to adjust and substitute the income-led growth policy when unexpected problems arise, rather than arguing about [income-led growth],¡± Hong said late Friday after the Blue House made the announcement. 

He vowed to support low-income earners and emerging high-tech businesses in line with President Moon Jae-in¡¯s pledges, adding that top priorities in policy agenda will include improving people¡¯s livelihoods and structural reforms including deregulation.

The president¡¯s income-led growth initiative, a measure aimed at stimulating the economy by raising low-income wages, invited a backlash after the steep rise in the minimum wage was accused of putting a strain on employers and companies, leading to less hiring and investment. 

Kim also vowed to keep the current policy focus.

¡°Income-led growth, fair competition and innovative growth are all entangled together like a package. There will be no revision in a major way,¡± Kim told reporters on Sunday. 

Hong, however, admitted that the degree of the wage hike was too excessive, saying that he will work on adjusting the pace.

To stave off the image of a tense relationship between the finance minister and policy chief, the nominees pledged to work together as ¡°one team.¡±

¡°I will serve and support the finance minister carefully, so that no one would speak of a ¡®double tier leadership system for economy,¡¯¡± Kim said. 

In an assessment of the current economic situation, Hong noted that the Korean economy is growing below its potential growth rate, but denied that the current state is akin to a recession or crisis. 

¡°It¡¯s true that jobs data and investment are weak and the country is below its potential growth rate, but it is too early to say that Korea enters a financial recession,¡± he said. ¡°Such difficulties won¡¯t be solved quickly through next year.¡± 

As noted by Hong, the country¡¯s economic growth slowed in recent months. The economy grew 2 percent in the third quarter, according to the Bank of Korea. That¡¯s the slowest growth since the third quarter of 2009, when it grew 0.9 percent year on year.

Major financial institutions are slashing their outlook for Korea on the basis of weak investment, tepid domestic demand and a sluggish jobs market. 

Moody¡¯s Investors Service, a global credit ratings firm, lowered its projection to 2.5 percent this year and 2.3 percent next year. The numbers are lower than other local institutions like the Bank of Korea and the Korea Development Institute¡¯s 2.7 percent for this year. 

¡°Korea¡¯s economy is weakening. Domestic demand in Korea is weakening. Firms are reluctant to raise investment, citing the uncertain global environment and minimum wage rise,¡± Moody¡¯s said in a statement released last week.

The ratings agency mentioned that global economies will see a slowdown because of weakening trade affected by a trade dispute between the United States and China.

The two nominees will be confirmed after a National Assembly hearing.

Manufacturing output falls, hurting SMEs most 

Korea¡¯s manufacturing sector output fell sharply in the first nine months of the year, with smaller businesses affected more than big companies, government data showed Sunday.

According to the 2018 mining and manufacturing sector data released by Statistics Korea, output numbers fell 0.4 percent on-year in the January-September period for large corporations, while corresponding figures for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) dropped 4.3 percent.

The sharper drop for smaller companies comes after big companies trailed smaller partners in terms of production in the same nine months of 2017.

Last year, output growth by SMEs reached 5.8 percent on-year compared with 2.9 percent for larger companies.

For all manufacturing sectors, this year¡¯s output index up to Sept. 30 decreased 1.5 percent from last year¡¯s, which is the sharpest fall after the 5.6 percent drop in 2009 right after the global financial crisis.

The weaker numbers are seen as Korea¡¯s inherent reliance on key industries, such as autos and shipbuilding, that have not met growth expectations in recent years. Only the country¡¯s semiconductor and related business have propped up overall statistics.

Reflecting on this, an examination of the stats showed that excluding semiconductors and related components, manufacturing output in the nine-month period contracted 3.9 percent on-year, which is the second sharpest dip since the 13.9 percent plunge in 2009.

When only semiconductors and related parts are checked, the index jumped 10 percent compared with last year.

¡°With the exception of chips and displays that are globally competitive, there has been a downward trend across the field with weaker business investment hurting numbers,¡± a local scholar said.

Others said that companies need to be encouraged to make investments that can bolster their standing globally down the road.

NPS continues to reduce stock market exposure 

Korea¡¯s state pension service has reduced its investment in stocks in local companies this year amid the tepid market, industry data showed Sunday.

The National Pension Service¡¯s stakes in its 30 stock investment destinations were estimated at 70.11 trillion won ($60.21 billion) as of Nov. 8, dropping 16.2 percent from the end of 2017, according to the data provided by corporate tracker Chaebul.com.

Among them, the NPS reduced its stakes in 13 companies this year, which include Samsung Electronics, SK Hynix, Hyundai Mobis, LG Chem, Naver and Posco.

In contrast, its stakes in eight Korean companies increased over the period, including LG Household & Healthcare, Amorepacific, KT, SK Telecom and the Korea Electric Power Corporation.

Its stakes in nine others stayed the same over the period, the latest data showed.

To combat fine dust, gov¡¯t focuses on diesel cars 

The government is introducing emergency measures to tackle fine-dust pollution, including cutting the number of diesel vehicles on Korea¡¯s roads. 

There were 32 fine dust advisories issued between Nov. 3 and 6 across the country. Advisories are issued when the concentration of fine dust particles exceeds 150 micrograms per cubic meter. 

A policy coordination meeting Thursday, hosted by Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon, settled on a series of measures to address the root causes of fine dust.

¡°Various factors contribute to fine dust, including domestic factors like power generation, industry, transportation and construction,¡± Lee said. ¡°Emissions from neighboring countries contribute as well. I hope the Ministry of Environment and other relevant agencies can introduce strengthened measures to reduce fine dust and bring about noticeable changes.¡±

The repeal of a ¡°clean diesel policy¡± was one of the strongest measures announced that day. Enacted in 2009, the policy granted tangible benefits to owners of around 950,000 low-emission diesel vehicles, including discounts on parking fees and tolls. 

Though diesel cars were encouraged when first introduced to Korea in the early 2000s because they were believed to produce less air pollution than gasoline vehicles, the government now wants to encourage zero-emission vehicles that run on sustainable energy sources like electricity and hydrogen instead. A recent Ministry of Environment study found that diesel cars were responsible for 92 percent of all fine dust created by vehicles. 

The government vowed to take the lead, and all vehicles purchased by public institutions will be non-diesel by 2030. It also promised to give hundreds of millions of won in subsidies to small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs) that replace old diesel trucks with less polluting liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) trucks. 

The government also said that, starting in February, it will enforce the so-called odd-even license plate policy for all cars on days with high fine dust levels. 

The policy, which dictates that cars with license plates ending in even numbers can be driven on even number dates, while those ending in odd numbers can only be driven on odd number dates, was only applied to public officials before. 

Other measures include raising fuel taxes on coal and continuing to shut down coal-powered thermal power plants from March to June. 

Last spring, the government closed five coal-fired power plants in South Chungcheong, South Gyeongsang and Gangwon when fine dust levels were at their highest. The closings worked. 

Concentrations of atmosphere particulate matter with a diameter of less than 2.5 micrometers in South Chungcheong decreased by 24.1 percent this March to June compared to the same periods in 2015 and 2016 on average according to the Ministry of Environment. 

Lee also called for strengthened cooperation with China to tackle the air pollution problem. 

The two countries established a center for environmental cooperation in June to conduct joint research on fine dust. The government also vowed to work with other neighboring countries including North Korea for cleaner air on the peninsula.

¡®New South¡¯ leader to start off with 15 billion won 

A committee that is supposed to boost business between Korea and South and Southeast Asia said Wednesday it has allocated about 15 billion won ($13.3 million) for financing for companies willing to do business in those regions. 

President Moon Jae-in announced a New Southern Policy on visits to Southeast Asian countries a year ago to reduce Korea¡¯s economic dependence on the United States and China and broaden ties with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) as well as fast-growing economies in South Asia like India. The committee was established in August. 

¡°I have heard from many companies that one of the biggest difficulties in entering or doing business in [South and Southeast Asia] is financing,¡± said Kim Hyun-chul, head of the special committee on the New Southern Policy, during a meeting with reporters Wednesday on the sidelines of a meeting with heads of local small and midsized enterprises with operations in the Asia¡¯s emerging markets. 

¡°We applied for 15 billion won in our next year¡¯s budget, mostly to offer credit guarantees,¡± Kim said. He added that the budget needs approval from the National Assembly. 

Kim, an economic adviser to Moon, said state-run banks like the Korea Development Bank and the Export-Import Bank of Korea will be a part of the financial support plan. 

Kim said the committee will open so-called Korea Start-up Centers in Singapore and India next year. These will foster joint research and development projects between Korean and local start-ups, and make investments in start-ups. 

The committee also plans to establish a council of companies interested in doing business in Asean so they can share each other¡¯s marketing networks within this year.

Emphasizing the popularity of Korean popular culture in Asean and India, Kim said there¡¯s a lot of potential for Korean companies in media, food, beauty and fashion. 

According to the organization, trade between Korea and Asean was $132.1 billion in the first ten months of the year, a 7.6 percent increase year on year, and the figure is expected to surpass $160 billion by the end of the year. The committee¡¯s goal is to increase the annual trade volume to over $200 billion by 2020. 

¡°Bolstering new trade ties is necessary so that the Korean stock market doesn¡¯t plunge every time Chinese markets do,¡± Kim said. ¡°Asean and India, with economies growing by more than 5 percent every year, are blue ocean markets.¡± 

BOK official says inflation pressure is falling  

A member of Korea¡¯s monetary policy board said Wednesday that downside inflation pressure has been diminishing throughout the year, driving a slight change in the country¡¯s years-long low consumer price trend.

¡°The Korean won against the U.S. dollar has been on a moderate appreciation since 2016, dragging down domestic prices,¡± Lim Ji-won said in a press meeting at the Bank of Korea (BOK) headquarters in Seoul. ¡°But starting this year, the won is remaining slightly stronger against the U.S. greenback, along with experiencing wider fluctuation.¡±

In a broader sense, the won has been strengthened against the U.S. dollar for the past two years, bottoming out at 1,244.7 won in March 2016 and peaking at 1,054 won in April 2018.

She said the stronger won has decreased prices of imported goods in South Korea and played a role in weakening inflation pressure amid low crude oil prices during the period. Global economic cycles, administered prices and interest rate differences with the United States also lent support to the trend. Korea¡¯s consumer prices rose 1 percent in 2016, 1.9 percent in 2017 and 1.5 percent in the first 10 months of 2018. 

Recently, however, she noted that the appreciating pace of the Korean won against the greenback seemed to slow down as the U.S. economy shows strong signs of recovery.

¡°It¡¯s too early to say that the Korean won is already off the upside cycle,¡± Lim said. ¡°But [the slowdown in the pace] shows that one of the downside pressures on the inflation is diminishing.¡±

Inflation is the most important economic factor that the central bank considers when it decides the policy rate.

The BOK has followed an accommodative monetary policy for years, citing low inflation pressure.

China to overtake France in tourists by 2030 

China is set to overtake France as the world¡¯s number one tourist destination by 2030 as a growing middle class in Asia looks to spend more on travel, according to experts at market research group Euromonitor International.

In a report published Tuesday at an industry conference in London, Euromonitor said it is predicting there will be 1.4 billion trips made in 2018, up 5 percent from last year. Stronger growth in many major economies mean industry receipts will rise by an estimated 11 percent.

By 2030, international arrivals are expected to rise by another billion, corresponding to around $2.6 trillion in receipts. China is expected to have overtaken France by then to become the world¡¯s No. 1 destination.

Much of the sustained boom in travel and tourism, which has outpaced growth in the global economy for eight years, is centered in the Asia-Pacific region, where trips are expected to grow by 10 percent this year. The region has benefited from rapidly growing economies as well as an expanding middle class that seeks to spend disposable income on leisure.

Euromonitor¡¯s senior travel analyst, Wouter Geerts, said the gradual process of loosening visa restrictions has made traveling in the region easier, with 80 percent of arrivals in Asia originating from the region.

KDI cuts GDP growth forecast to 2.7% 

A research institute cut its forecast for Korean economic growth Tuesday as slower investment and a sluggish job market take their toll. 

The state-run Korea Development Institute (KDI) revised its estimate for 2018 gross domestic product (GDP) growth from 2.9 percent to 2.7 percent, in line with the latest forecast from the central bank. Conditions are expected to remain much the same next year, with the KDI revising its estimate for 2019 to 2.6 percent from 2.7 percent. 

The adjustment follows a series of similar announcements from other organizations, including the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). The IMF projects Korea¡¯s growth will come in at 2.8 percent in 2018, while the OECD is predicting 2.7 percent growth.

The institute cited a number of factors in its revision, including weak investment and the slow growth of private spending. 

¡°On the demand side, slower investment will continue to exacerbate the situation, while consumer spending will also slow,¡± the KDI said. 

The manufacturing sector will be a drag on growth amid a slowdown in global trade stemming from a trade dispute between the United States and China, according to the KDI. The construction industry will continue to shrink. 

Construction investment plunged 8.6 percent in the third quarter, the worst figure since the first quarter of 1999, when the country was reeling from the global financial meltdown. Compared to the previous quarter, it was down 6.4 percent. 

Asia¡¯s fourth largest economy registered 0.6 percent growth in the third quarter. The rate is the same as in the second quarter and the lowest rate since the fourth quarter of last year. Government spending intended to stimulate the economy and robust exports failed to balance a dramatic decline in construction and equipment investment.

With risks increasing, the KDI is suggesting that the central bank maintain an accommodative monetary policy to boost the economy with lower interest rates. The suggestion highlights the dilemma facing BOK. 

The central bank is tempted to raise its benchmark rate to ease financial imbalances and keep up with rising rates in the United States and other major economies. 

On the other hand, the country faces downside risks, including the U.S. ? China row, a sluggish job market and volatile equity markets. 

The BOK will make its next decision on rates on Nov. 30. 

Korea current account in surplus for 79th month 

Korea¡¯s current account remained firmly in the dark throughout September despite a slight decrease in goods surplus, central bank data showed Tuesday.

The country¡¯s current account surplus came to $10.83 billion in September, down from a record $12.29 billion a year earlier, according to the preliminary data from the Bank of Korea (BOK). The number rose from the previous month when it stood at $8.44 billion.

It is the first time in a year that the favorable balance surpassed the $10 billion mark.

Asia¡¯s fourth-largest economy has maintained a current account surplus for 79 straight months since March 2012.

The goods account surplus declined to $13.24 billion in September from $14.98 billion a year earlier due to an 8.2 percent drop in exports for the one-month period.

It is the first on-year fall in the goods current surplus since October 2016, when the figure backtracked 6.9 percent.

¡°As the five-day Chuseok holiday fell in September, the fewer business days in the month dragged down outbound shipments,¡± Park Yang-su from the BOK said. ¡°But the daily amount of exports is still strong enough to lead the entire economy.¡±

Chuseok, the Korean version of Thanksgiving, usually falls either in September or October in accordance with the lunar calendar.

The service account remained in the red, logging $2.52 billion in deficit for the month, narrowing slightly from $2.88 billion a year ago.

In particular, the deficit in the travel account also contracted on-year to $1.13 billion in September from $1.31 billion as a growing number of foreigners arrived in the country.

Some 1.3 million foreigners came to Korea in September alone, up 18.5 percent from a year earlier, while the number of Koreans who went abroad edged down 0.5 percent to 2.2 million.

The primary income account surplus fell to $670 million in September from $1.25 billion the previous month.

Tax cut sparks quest for cheapest gas stations 

A cut in tax on transport fuel went into effect Tuesday, prompting a wave of car owners searching for gas stations offering the best pump prices. 

The average gasoline price dropped 0.95 percent or 16 won to 1,674.14 won ($1.49) per liter compared to the previous day, the lowest level in five weeks. 

Other fuels - diesel and liquefied petroleum gas - saw drops of more than 1 percent. 

As gas prices fell, many car owners realized the prices dropped fastest at gas stations run directly by refineries. 

The best place to find those gas stations was a website run by the Korea National Oil Corporation, Opinet, which crashed and was down for hours due to the spike in traffic. Its frozen homepage had an apology on it. 

Such directly-run gas stations account for only about 10 percent of gas stations in Korea, posing a true challenge to price-conscious car owners. 

The Korea National Oil Corporation said that more stations will lower prices down the road. 

¡°It will take some time for gas operators to make a transition,¡± said a source at the state-run oil company. 

¡°Gas stations need to use up all the fuel they have before the tax cut is implemented,¡± the source said. And during that period, the price difference won¡¯t be that noticeable.¡± 

According to Opinet on Tuesday, a gas station in Changwon, South Gyeongsang had the cheapest gasoline in Korea at 1,475 won per liter. The most expensive was found in Jung District in central Seoul, 2,328 won per liter. 

Cheongju in North Chungcheong had the highest number of gas stations offering lower prices. Six stations were selling gasoline in the 1,400 won range. 

Seoul saw its average gasoline price fall 44.3 won to 1,729.6 won. The government decided to lower fuel taxes 15 percent for six months to help people save on monthly spending. 

According to the Ministry of Economy and Finance, for six months starting Nov. 6, the gasoline tax will be lowered from the current 746 won per liter to 635 won. The tax on diesel will be lowered from 529 won per liter to 450 won and on LPG butane from 185 won to 157 won. 

Finance Minister says greater fiscal role needed 

Korea¡¯s chief economic policymaker said Monday that a greater fiscal role is necessary to tackle mounting economic uncertainties, create more jobs and address other chronic challenges.

¡°Recently, our economy is faced with many difficulties ¡¦ and an active fiscal role is necessary,¡± Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon said in a speech at a parliamentary budget committee, urging the National Assembly to approve the record high budget spending proposal. 

¡°Exports and domestic demand remain relatively firm, but facility investment remains bleak, and the financial markets face increased volatility,¡± he said.

The minister also said external uncertainties stemming from the escalating trade war between the United States and China, the country¡¯s two largest overseas markets, are increasing.

¡°In order to deal with growing uncertainties and invigorate the economy, a greater fiscal role is needed,¡± he said.

The government budget proposal for next year calls for a 9.7 percent on-year rise in spending to 470 trillion won ($422 billion), marking the fastest increase since 2009, when outlays jumped 10.6 percent in the aftermath of the 2008 global financial crisis.

The increase is based on forecasts that total state revenue will rise 7.9 percent next year to 481.3 trillion won, including 299.3 trillion won in taxes that will likely be collected.

Next year¡¯s budget spending also heralds a greater fiscal role in Asia¡¯s fourth-largest economy, where exports remain sound but private spending is showing signs of a slowdown.

The country has already been basking in a sharp hike in tax revenues thanks to a rise in income and corporate taxes amid a steady growth pace.

For 2019 as a whole, the finance ministry sees 299 trillion won in tax earnings, up 31.2 trillion won, or 11.6 percent, from this year¡¯s estimate.¡¯

The expansionary fiscal policy, among other things, is clearly aimed at boosting jobs. Under the proposal, some 23.5 trillion won will be spent on job creation schemes alone.

Poorer-than-expected jobs data is a hard blow to President Moon Jae-in, whose top economic agenda is to create more quality jobs.

Critics say a hike in the country¡¯s legal minimum wage, which was raised by 16.4 percent this year to 7,530 won, is one of the key reasons for the pale figures.

Owners of small shops have claimed that the steepest increase in nearly two decades is driving them out of business, and some opponents say that it is one of the major reasons for the recent lackluster job creation.

Issuing of non-mortgage loans rises in October 

The amount of non-mortgage loans extended by local banks increased at a sharp pace last month as a new set of loan guidelines on mortgages took effect, industry data showed Sunday.

According to the data, the outstanding balance of non-mortgage loans, including lending through overdraft lines of credit, from five major commercial banks including Shinhan Bank and Kookmin Bank reached a combined 101.2 trillion won ($90.5 billion) as of the end October, up 2.1 trillion won from a month earlier.

The on-month gain is the sharpest in the last 12 months, surpassing a 1.3 trillion won rise in May.

Insiders said people were trying to get bank overdrafts before the so-called debt service ratio (DSR) regulation became mandatory from Oct. 31.

The DSR, which gauges the amount a borrower must pay in principal and interest in proportion to yearly income, is one of the main barometers the government looks at in monitoring household loans.

A ratio of 70 percent or over is categorized as a risky loan, while one over 90 percent constitutes a high-risk loan.

The DSR was initially designed to control home-backed mortgage loans and reduce the country¡¯s massive household credit, which reached nearly 1,500 trillion won as of the end of June.

Moreover, the government had local lenders apply the DSR regulations to non-mortgages as well as part of its efforts to cool down the overheated real estate market.

Meanwhile, home-backed mortgages given out by the five banks rose by 2 trillion won last month, slowing down from a 2.6 trillion won gain in September and a 2.9 trillion won increase in August.

Jobs rise in public sector, especially for janitors 

obs in the public sector rose solidly in the first half of this year, as promised by the Moon Jae-in administration.

But the number of workers on the bottom rung rose the most - by the largest margin in five years, according to data from Statistics Korea on Sunday.

Jobs in the public administration, defense and social security sectors increased by 81,000, or 7.7 percent, from 1,046,000 in the first half of 2017 to 1,127,000 in the first half of this year. That was the largest growth in five years. Those sectors include government institutions such as the National Assembly, central and local governments and law enforcement. Medical and education institutions are not included.

Of all employees in what is commonly dubbed as the public sector, those paid less than 2 million won ($1,783) a month made up 68.6 percent. Most of them are simple jobs such as janitors and security guards. The number of lowest-run jobs in public institutions rose 32,000 or 14.3 percent, in the first half of this year, compared to a year earlier.

In the private sector, the job environment is the exact opposite. New jobs are disappearing - particularly for workers on the lowest rung.

In manufacturing, the number of new manufacturing jobs fell 45,000, between the first half of 2017 and 2018, or 1.1 percent year on year. Jobs in accommodations and restaurants fell 15,000, also 1.1 percent on year.

In that same period, the number of new manufacturing jobs for workers making less than 2 million won a month nose-dived a whopping 235,000, or 20.2 percent, presumably because of a higher minimum wage. 

The data indicates that public sector has been propping the jobs figures - although unemployment hit 3.6 percent in September, the worst figure for the same month in 13 years - but the quality of jobs is sliding. 

By status, full-time job holders in the public sector as of the first half rose 28,000 from a year earlier, whereas temporary workers in the same sector spiked 53,000 over the same period. 

Still, the government appears to be keen on boosting the numbers for jobs no matter what kind they are. 

The Ministry of Economy and Finance announced late last month it would generate 59,000 short-term, public jobs by the end of this year ¡°to tackle unemployment situation.¡± 

The jobs are for young people, those in their 50s and 60s and even older folk. Of the 59,000 new hires, 11,000 will be janitors at traditional markets and people monitoring traffic safety. 

A sizable portion of the new jobs will last less than two months.

On the announcement, Kim Dong-yeon, deputy prime minister for the economy, was criticized for the government trying to increase the jobs figures with short-term jobs. He reacted in an unexpected manner.

¡°I would like to do anything to generate at least one more job,¡± he said. ¡°The government isn¡¯t supposed to be sitting still when the job market is in such a serious situation.¡±

Korea spent 82.8% of budget in first 3 quarters 

Korea spent 82.8 percent of its state budget earmarked for 2018 in the first nine months as it moved to maintain its recovery pace and create more jobs, the Finance Ministry said Friday.

The government spent 232 trillion won ($206 billion) in the January-September period, up 10.3 trillion won, or 3.7 percentage points, from the planned outlay of 221.7 trillion won, according to the Ministry of Economy and Finance.

The government made efforts to frontload its budget spending to minimize any fallout from a hike in the minimum wage.

The government raised the minimum wage by 16.4 percent to 7,530 won as of Jan. 1 this year, the biggest jump in about two decades. The government earmarked 3 trillion won to reduce the burden on smaller businesses that hire mostly part-time workers.

The ministry said the government spent 28.8 trillion won on social infrastructure projects in the January-September period, 1.8 percentage points higher than originally planned.

Some 3.35 trillion won, or 88.5 percent, of the 3.78 trillion-won supplementary budget was also spent. The supplementary budget, passed in June, was aimed at boosting job creation.

Central bank vows vigilance despite rebound 

The chief of the country¡¯s central bank warned of further volatility in Korea¡¯s financial markets due to uncertainties abroad after local stock indexes hit a series of recent lows last month. 

¡°We can¡¯t rule out the possibility of more severe fluctuations in the domestic financial markets amid a very high level of external uncertainties,¡± said Governor Lee Ju-yeol of the Bank of Korea during a meeting with the CEOs of local banks. 

The governor acknowledged that Korea¡¯s stock markets experienced steeper declines than other markets.

¡°There have been concerns that higher capital outflows and market volatilities might lead to another financial crisis, although the growing external risks impacted the market indexes around the world,¡± Lee said. 

Foreign investors in particular led the selloff as they offloaded 4.6 trillion won ($4 billion) worth of shares in October. The benchmark Kospi declined 13.37 percent in October, while the tech and bio-heavy Kosdaq fell 21.11 percent. 

Still, the governor noted that the current market instability was concentrated in the equity markets, with the currency and bonds markets relatively stable. 

Lee said strong economic fundamentals helped limit the declines. 

¡°That is because of large trade surpluses and overall confidence in the Korean economy,¡± the governor said. 

But Lee vowed to stay vigilant in the face of troubled international financial markets and take action if market fluctuations become more pronounced. 

¡°The Bank of Korea will cautiously monitor the changes in and the effects of global markets and make efforts to stabilize the local markets in cooperation with the government, if needed,¡± he said. 

Despite concerns from the governor, the Korean stock markets ended the week on a positive note, with the Kospi gaining the most points in a single day in seven years. 

The index rose 71.54 points, or 3.53 percent, on Friday. This is the largest single-day rise since Sept. 27 2011, when the Kospi gained 83 points. By percentage gain, it is the sharpest rise since Dec. 1 2011, when the market rose 3.72 percent. 

The Kospi edged closer to the 2,100 mark as it ended the week at 2,096.00. The secondary market gained 33.19 points on Friday or 5.05 percent, closing the week at 690.65. 

Except for SK Telecom, which fell 1.53 percent, all of the top 10 stocks by market capitalization were up, including market bellwether Samsung Electronics, which rose 4.74 percent, and SK Hynix, up 6.3 percent. 

Friday¡¯s recovery was largely driven by foreign investor net buying, which has continued over the last three consecutive trading days. 

Previously, foreign investors were the driving force behind the bearish sentiment that has been pulling down local share prices. While institutional investors were net buyers, retail investors were net sellers, dumping 463.6 billion won worth of share on Friday. 

The Korean won appreciated as it closed down 16.5 won against the dollar at 1,121.6 won. 

This was the second consecutive day that the won appreciated against the dollar as foreign investors have become net buyers. Friday¡¯s appreciation was faster than on Thursday¡¯s, when the won went down 1.5 won against the greenback. 

The dramatic turnaround of the Kospi, which fell below the 2,000-point psychological barrier recently, was largely the result of growing optimism that a resolution in the U.S. and China trade dispute may be achieved this month.

U.S. President Donald Trump after holding a phone call with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday tweeted that he had a ¡°long and very good conversation¡± with the Chinese president with a ¡°heavy emphasis¡± on trade. 

¡°Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina.¡± 

The G-20 is scheduled to take place in Buenos Aires Nov.30 through Dec. 1. 

Bloomberg also reported that President Trump has asked his top officials to draft potential trade terms with China. China¡¯s Foreign Ministry on Friday said the two leaders have agreed on ¡°enhancing trade relations¡± between the two countries. 

Other Asian markets ended the week on a strong note, with the Nikkei 225 up 2.56 percent, the Shanghai Composite Index up 2.7 percent and the Hang Seng Index gaining 4.16 percent. 

However, some market experts advise against hasty judgment as U.S. mid-term elections are next week. 

While global markets are likely to remain relatively calm if the Republicans take the Senate and the Democrats take the House as expected, if the Republicans take both the Senate and the House, financial market volatility could increase. 

Exports keep surging as other parts of economy wobble 

Korea¡¯s exports were the second-largest ever last month - and exports in the first 10 months hit a record high for that period. 
So while the employment situation continues to disappoint and the stock market suffers steep losses - forcing many institutions to lower their growth outlooks for this year - the economy¡¯s main engine shows surprising strength.

According to the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy on Thursday, Korea¡¯s exports grew 22.7 percent in October year on year to reach nearly $55 billion. The record high for a month was reached in September 2017 when exports amounted to $55.1 billion.

Exports in the first 10 months amounted to $505.3 billion, a 6.4 percent year-on-year increase and the largest ever for the first 10 months. 

Korea is now close to reaching $600 billion for all of 2018, which would be a new record. 

Imports grew 27.9 percent year on year to $58.4 billion, and Korea saw its 81st month of consecutive trade surpluses. 

¡°We have been able to achieve the second-largest amount of monthly exports despite unfavorable conditions including the continuing trade conflict between the United States and China and expanding volatility in the global financial market,¡± Trade, Industry and Energy Minister Sung Yun-mo said Thursday. ¡°While semiconductor exports grew, machinery and petrochemical exports reached an all-time record [in October], which proves Korea¡¯s exports are maintaining strong growth.¡± 

Semiconductor exports slowed compared to previous months, but grew 21.1 percent compared to the previous year to reach $11.6 billion. This brought exports of computer chips for the first 10 months to $100 billion. This was the sixth consecutive month that chip exports were more than $10 billion. 

Semiconductors accounted for 21.1 percent of all exported goods. 

Last month¡¯s real driving forces were general machinery and petrochemical goods. 

General machinery exports surged 51.7 percent year on year to nearly $5 billion while petrochemical goods grew 42.9 percent to reach $4.5 billion.

Minister Sung, however, raised concerns about growing downward risks including expanding protectionism in major importing countries and the volatility of foreign exchange caused by interest rate hikes by the U.S. Federal Reserve.

The Trade Ministry said in a statement that it will employ every means possible against the downward risks including countering protectionism while diversifying export markets and exported categories. 

Despite good news on exports, other areas of the economy are flashing red. According to Statistics Korea on Thursday, consumer price grew by the sharpest amounts in 13 months. 

Last month, consumer price rose 2 percent compared to the same period last year. It is the sharpest growth since inflation was at 2.1 percent in September 2017. 

The statistics agency said prices were driven up by higher petroleum prices resulting from rising international crude prices and more expensive agricultural products after a heat wave struck the peninsula this summer. 

Agricultural prices were up 14.1 percent, contributing to raising the overall inflation rate 0.63 percentage points. Vegetable prices grew 13.7 percent compared to the same month a year ago. It was the sharpest growth in nearly a year and a half when vegetable prices surged 22.5 percent in August 2017. Petroleum prices were up 11.8 percent, contributing to raising overall consumer prices 0.53 percentage points. 

With inflation rising, there have been growing concerns as to whether Korea is now entering a state of stagflation. 

Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon said it isn¡¯t. 

¡°We¡¯re in a situation where external risk factors are growing and the downward risks are enlarging,¡± Kim said. ¡°So far we have discussed a lot about structural reforms, including reforming regulations, and it is time for the government and the political parties to make a brave decision.¡± 

Kim said it is important not only to stimulate the economy and create jobs in the short term but also to expand growth potential. 

The finance minister said that, as head of the country¡¯s economic management, he is committed to government policies that boost the economy and create jobs as long as he is in charge. 

Recently rumors have said the Blue House is considering letting go Kim and Blue House policy chief Jang Ha-sung. 

While the Blue House denied the rumors, there have been reports in the local media that the mood within the Blue house is different than when such rumors first circulated. 

¡°Why wouldn¡¯t I want to take full responsibility [and resign] at this very moment?¡± Kim said. ¡°But it is my duty to do all that I am responsible for, including budget reviews, until the time [for resignation] comes.¡±

The Korea Institute of Finance on Thursday released a gloomy outlook for next year indicating slower growth. The institution projected next year¡¯s growth at 2.6 percent, 0.1 percentage points lower than this year¡¯s 2.7 percent. 

Renewable project facing criticism 

The government¡¯s plan to build a renewable energy complex at Saemangeum, North Jeolla, is generating controversy as it deviates from plans to develop the reclaimed tidal flat into a regional economic hub and is being pursued without public approval.

The controversy flared up as President Moon Jae-in announced Tuesday that the government will construct a solar and wind energy complex at Saemangeum. 

The government argues that around 10 trillion won ($8.7 billion) in private investment will flow into the project and that two million workers will be employed annually in the building of the facility.

Despite the optimistic forecasts, the move is being criticized as an abrupt policy shift.

When President Moon Jae-in visited Saemangeum last year, he mentioned developing the area into an economic hub for the Yellow Sea region but said nothing of solar or wind power. Opposition lawmakers have raised concerns about the projects.

¡°The government¡¯s plan to make Saemangeum, previously touted to be developed into an economic center for the Yellow Sea, into a mecca of renewable energy means a policy change,¡± said Chung Dong-young, a lawmaker for the Jeolla-based Party for Democracy and Peace. ¡°This is the same as abandoning plans to expedite the development of Saemangeum.¡±

The Party for Democracy and Peace, with 14 lawmakers from the Honam region, is especially angry about being bypassed.

In light of such concerns, the government has explained that plans for Saemangeum¡¯s renewable energy complex, which will cover an area comparable to the size of four nuclear power plants, will not interfere with existing initiatives.

¡°The government¡¯s determination to develop Saemangeum into an economic hub of the Yellow Sea area remains unchanged,¡± Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport Kim Hyun-mee said during the annual audit by lawmakers on Monday.

A spokesman for the state-run Saemangeum Development and Investment Agency explained that it was not the right time for consultations with local residents and the general public.

¡°Taking comments from local residents is done during the construction approval process. We are not yet at the development stage, so we haven¡¯t asked for [comments], but we are obviously planning to do so,¡± he said.

Opposition lawmakers and energy experts are suspicious that the plans for Saemangeum were changed to accommodate the Moon administration¡¯s pledge to reduce nuclear power dependency. 

The new Saemangeum initiative is part of the government¡¯s 3020 renewable energy plan, which established a renewable target of 20 percent by 2030. With current renewable energy output at just 8 percent of the total, the government is in need of more solar and wind power plants. 

¡°[The government] seems to be developing Saemangeum as there aren¡¯t vast plots of land in the country suitable for solar or wind power complexes,¡± said a professor of nuclear energy who requested anonymity.

Questions regarding the feasibility of the energy project have also been raised.

¡°The electrical output produced by the energy complex will be little, at around 60 percent of a nuclear power plant,¡± said Kim Sam-hwa, a lawmaker for minor opposition Bareunmirae Party. ¡°If it means building six-tenths of a nuclear power plant by spending 10 trillion won, wouldn¡¯t it just be better to continue operating the Wolsong 1 plant?¡±

Wolsong 1 is a nuclear plant set to be decommissioned.

At the moment, renewable energy is less economical when compared with nuclear energy, explained Roh Dong-seok, a senior researcher at the Korea Energy Economics Institute. As the efficiency rate for solar power is about 15 percent, the actual production output of solar power plants is much lower than their rated capacity. 

The government¡¯s promise to return the plots of land to their original state after operating solar and wind power plants at the location for 20 years is in doubt as the energy produced will have to be replaced.

Local residents remain divided over the new project. 

¡°Even if it¡¯s a government project, I can¡¯t accept something that is pushed without prior notice,¡± said Ko Yoon-seok, a local leader of a town adjacent to the tidal flat. ¡°There isn¡¯t enough information to determine whether it¡¯s right or wrong, but it¡¯s difficult to say that everyone is against it.¡±

Industrial output drops sharply in September 

Korea¡¯s industrial output for September posted its biggest drop in 19 months due to a fall in auto and electronic parts production, government data showed Wednesday, raising concerns that the economy is on the brink of a slowdown.

Production in the mining, manufacturing, gas and electricity industries backtracked 2.5 percent on-month, following a revised 1.3 percent on-month gain in the previous month.

On a monthly basis, the September reading is the sharpest decrease since February last year.

From a year earlier, industrial output also dropped 8.4 percent, following a revised 2.5 percent on-year rise tallied for August.

The September reading is the worst in almost six years.

Production in the service sector remained flat on-month in September, with a 1.4 percent on-year decline. Retail sales fell 2.2 percent, compared with a 0.1 percent on-month gain in August. 

The September drop is the largest in nine months. Retail sales rose 0.5 percent on-year, however.

Facility investment rebounded in September, gaining 2.9 percent on-month, following a 1.6 percent on-month drop in August.

For all industries, production declined 1.3 percent on-month, following an adjusted 0.5 percent on-month rise in August. On a yearly basis, industrial production declined 4.8 percent, the latest data showed.

The statistical office said declines in auto and electronic parts production were a major factor for the slump in September¡¯s industrial output. 

Production of vehicles sank 4.8 percent from the previous month, and electronic parts output fell 7.8 percent.

The average factory operation rate stood at 73.9 percent, down 1.8 percentage points from a month earlier.

¡°Facility investment rebounded for the first time in seven months, but other data remained weak or in a slump,¡± said an official at the agency. ¡°It can¡¯t be denied that the economy is not in good condition.¡±

The data came amid rising concerns that Asia¡¯s fourth-largest economy is losing steam.

In the third quarter of the year, the Korean economy grew 0.6 percent on-quarter, the same as the 0.6 percent gain tallied in the second quarter and down from a 1 percent expansion in the first, according to the preliminary estimate by the Bank of Korea.

Nonregular employment on rise 

The number of nonregular employees in Korea has reached an all-time high despite President Moon Jae-in¡¯s campaign promise to improve the quality of jobs. 

According to a Statistics Korea study released Tuesday, nonregular workers in the country totaled 6.61 million as of August. That¡¯s 36,000, or 0.5 percent, more than a year ago. A total of 1.1 million more people are now working under less favorable conditions, including lower wages and fewer benefits, than in 2008. 

Nonregular employees now account for 33 percent of all paid employees. 

The number of nonregular employees in the health and social welfare category grew the most. In August, 118,000 nonregular employees of this type were added for a total of 837,000. The construction industry followed, with a rise of 27,000 to a total of 815,000.

The number of nonregular employees fell significantly in categories that are sensitive to minimum wage hikes. 

This includes commercial facilities management jobs, such as security and building manager positions, in which 48,000 jobs were lost to 846,000, and wholesale and retail jobs, where 37,000 fewer were employed in non-regular positions compared to a year ago to 644,000. 

A sharp increase was reported in the number of people who were 60 years old or older in nonregular jobs. In August, 126,000 were added to bring the total to 1.6 million, the largest of all age groups.

Totals for those in their 50s also rose, with 19,000 nonregular employees added to bring the total to 1.4 million.

Statistics Korea believes the reason behind the increase is the fact the retired are looking for jobs to sustain their livelihoods. 

The number of nonregular employees in their 40s dropped 58,000, followed by those in their 20s, where a decline of 33,000 was reported. 

By education, the number of nonregular workers with an undergraduate education or higher has risen significantly. In this category, the increase as of August was 38,000 to 2.17 million. 

In the category of individuals with a middle school education, 3,000 more are in nonregular jobs, while a drop of 5,000 was reported for those with a high school education. The rise in the number of nonregular workers with higher educational backgrounds is in part the result of the fierce competition in the job market.

As the number of nonregular employees has been growing, working conditions have worsened. 

The average monthly wages of nonregular workers increased 4.8 percent to 1.64 million won ($1,440) in the year through August. This is only 55 percent of the 3 million won that the average regular employee receives. A regular employee¡¯s monthly wage rose 5.5 percent in the same period. 

Since 2010, wages of nonregular employees have been stuck between 54 and 56 percent of those of regular workers. 

Nonregular employees also received less in terms of labor benefits. Only 24.6 percent received overtime pay, 32.1 percent were given paid days off and 37.8 percent received bonuses. 

The average term of employment for these workers was three years and one month, while that of regular employees was nine years and three months. The average for total paid employees was seven years and three months. 

The number of regular employees in August increased on year by 3,000 to 13.4 million. 

One of the first steps taken by President Moon was to visit Incheon International Airport where, in meeting with nonregular employees, he promised to address some of the shortfalls in terms of benefits and compensation. 

The airport promised to convert all of its 10,000 nonregular workers to regular workers. More than 84 percent of the airport employees were nonregular workers. 

¡°The principle will be to hire all employees as regular workers,¡± Moon said. 

Converting nonregular workers to regular workers has been one of the bedrock principles of this administration¡¯s income-led growth policy. 

Nonregular employees are temporary workers hired under contracts with a limited duration. Regular workers are permanent employees. 

Most of the nonregular employees work in retail positions as cashiers, at restaurants, on cleaning crews or in security and are sensitive to minimum wage changes. 

They not only get less in actual wages but usually receive fewer welfare benefits, including insurance coverage, compared to regular employees. 

Korea saw a significant increase in the number of nonregular workers since the financial crisis of the late 1990s, when many of large companies went bankrupt and many jobs were lost. 

Labor unions are constantly arguing for the need to reduce the number of nonregular workers, whereas companies prefer nonregular workers in order to save money. 

The lack of flexibility in the labor market is a concern. 

The government believes that upgrading workers to better quality positions with access to welfare and insurance benefits will result in higher consumption and contribute to sustainable economic growth. 

So far, the labor market has not been cooperating. The 16.4 percent hike in the minimum wage this year is seen as a primary factor in job losses for nonregular workers at restaurants and convenience stores and in security and building management positions. As the minimum wage is set to rise another 10.9 percent, more jobs losses are expected. 

Consumer sentiment takes a hit in October 

Korea¡¯s consumer sentiment fell slightly to below the break-even point of 100 in October as rising oil prices and sliding stock prices hurt people¡¯s confidence in the future, a central bank poll showed Friday.

Based on a new set of household samples, the composite consumer sentiment index (CCSI) for the month stood at 99.5, down 0.7 point from the previous month, the Bank of Korea (BOK) said.

A reading below 100 means pessimists outnumber optimists.

In August, based on the old sampling, the index touched a 17-month low of 99.2, the BOK added.

The consumer sentiment index has been on a steady decline since it hit a seven-year high of 112.3 in November last year.

¡°People are worried about their decreasing income and increasing costs due to a rapid rise in oil prices and a sharp drop in stocks,¡± the BOK said.

Of the components that make up the CCSI, the index measuring people¡¯s sentiment regarding current economic conditions rose 3 points to 67 in October, while their assessment of overall economic conditions for the next six months remained at 7.

Starting October, meanwhile, the BOK said it changed which households are subject to the CCSI survey in accordance with the national census conducted every five years.

¡°We fine-tuned the percentages of age groups on our survey interviewee list as the country¡¯s demographic changed at the 2015 census,¡± said the BOK. ¡°As a result, the exact level of the index changed, but the overall trend of consumer confidence seems not to be affected.¡±

The latest BOK monthly index is based on a survey of 2,203 households throughout the country and was conducted from Oct. 11-18.

Market jitters pull Kospi down 

Korean stocks took steep dives in early trading Thursday, with the Kospi losing 3 percent. After stabilizing, the index closed down 1.63 percent and the Korean won again depreciated against the U.S. dollar. 

The jitters in the market are expected to continue as markets worldwide suffer instability and after the Bank of Korea (BOK) released a third-quarter economic growth figure that was the slowest in nine years, raising doubts as to whether the Korean economy could achieve the BOK¡¯s recently readjusted growth forecast of 2.7 percent. 

The Kospi¡¯s closing at 2,063.30, 34.28 points or 1.63 percent lower than on Wednesday, was the lowest level in more than a year and a half. The last time the Kospi was this low was on Jan. 10, 2017, when it closed at 2,045.12. 

This month alone, the market has fallen 11 percent, and when compared to the beginning of this year, it is down nearly 17 percent. 

The Kospi fell for three consecutive days, and foreign investors dumped shares for six consecutive trading days. This month, foreign investors have dumped 3.6 trillion won ($3.2 billion) worth of stock in Seoul¡¯s primary market.

Thursday¡¯s trading started with a loss of nearly 50 points, or 2 percent. At one point, it lost 63.77 points, or 3 percent, just barely clinging above the 2,000 mark. Later, the market stabilized somewhat. 

The tech-heavy junior market Kosdaq wasn¡¯t spared the bearish sentiment. The Kosdaq closed down 686.84 points or 12.46 percent on Thursday. It has also been falling over the last three consecutive trading days. 

The massive sell off by foreign investors helped the Korean won see its value fall further with the won closing at 1,138.00 won against the greenback, just 2 won away from 1,140 won. The last time the won was at 1,140 won was on Oct. 11. 

Analyst contributed Thursday¡¯s fall to negative global market forecasts for U.S. companies especially tech companies. 

¡°The negative impact of the trade conflict is being reflected in American companies,¡± said Lee Kyung-min, an analyst at Daishin Securities. ¡°The downward pressure on the global market is increasing as uncertainties over next year¡¯s corporate performances have grown.¡± 

Some analysts said the bearish sentiment has spooked retail investors and they are dumping shares. 

The market is falling as prospects for Korea¡¯s economy grow dimmer.

According to the Bank of Korea, in the third quarter, the economy grew 2 percent year on year. That¡¯s the slowest growth since the third quarter of 2009 when it grew 0.9 percent year on year. 

The economy grew 0.6 percent in the third quarter, the same as in the second quarter and the lowest rate since the fourth quarter of last year, when it actually fell 0.2 percent. 

Stimulatory government spending and robust exports failed to counteract a drastic decline in construction and equipment investment. 

Construction investment plunged 8.6 percent year on year, the worst figure since the first quarter of 1999, when the country was reeling from the global financial meltdown. When compared to the previous quarter, it was down 6.4 percent, the worst level since the second quarter of 1998. 

In line with the plunge in investment, the construction industry saw its growth dive 7.8 percent compared to a year ago and 5.3 percent compared to the second quarter.

Analysts said the government¡¯s attempt to cool off the real estate market translated into a cooling off of the construction sector. 

Investment in plants and equipment plummeted 7.7 percent year on year and 4.7 percent quarterly as companies built fewer new production lines. 

Exports and domestic consumption were in better shape despite an ongoing trade war between the United States and China. 

Exports - the primary growth engine of Korea¡¯s economy - jumped 3.1 percent year on year and 3.9 percent from three months earlier, driven by increased trade in semiconductors. 

Private consumption was up 2.6 percent compared to a year ago and 0.6 percent quarter on quarter.

Government spending registered a 4.3 percent on-year increase, or 1.6 percent quarterly, because of a rise in health insurance costs. 

¡°While domestic consumption and exports led growth, investments in construction, plants and equipment continued to experience a market correction,¡± said Park Yang-su, director general of the BOK economic statistics department. 

The BOK saw the weaker growth as a result of sharper economic growth a year ago. It said it expects the situation to improve in the fourth quarter when the effects of government policies including tax cuts on new car purchases are reflected.

But in order for the economy to reach the 2.7 percent that the central bank projected, it needs to grow at least 3.2 percent in the last three months, which at this point seems nearly impossible. 

The BOK has lowered its growth forecast twice this year. In January, the BOK projected this year¡¯s growth at 3 percent, but lowered it to 2.9 percent in July. Earlier this month, the central bank shaved its growth outlook again. 

An Young-jin, an economist at SK Securities, projected that the economy will find it hard to bounce back since the factors that are dragging it down won¡¯t improve anytime soon. 

¡°Things are not that good if we look at leading indicators that show the prospects for the construction industry,¡± An said.

Government offers 15 trillion won to support innovation 

With only about two months left on this year¡¯s calendar, the government rolled out a series of measures to promote innovative growth in order to prevent the economy from slowing further. A total of 15 trillion won ($1.3 billion) of financial support, including loans and tax benefits, is being provided.

The goal is to improve the environment so innovation can be led by the private sector rather than by the government. 

The Ministry of Economy and Finance Wednesday said it will make 10 trillion won available this year for modernizing the industrial structure. The ministry said 80 percent of the funding, which will come in the form of loans and tax incentives, will be offered to SMEs and medium-size companies. 

The 5 trillion won will be used for the upgrading of facilities for SMEs and medium-size companies and outdated buildings and infrastructure. The loans will be provided by government-owned banks, including the Industrial Bank of Korea and Korea Development Bank, at low rates. 

The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport will invest 60 billion won into improving industrial complexes, while the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy will commit 290 billion won, with 81 percent going to smart factories. 

The goal is to establish smart industrial complexes by redesigning outdated manufacturing facilities. The upgrades include the development of smart grids, the introduction of IoT sensors and the utilization of drones. 

One of the most significant measures the government is promoting is the lifting of regulations that have held back the growth and establishment of innovative industries, especially those in the shared economy. The government said it will come up with detailed measures covering shared economy enterprises and had decided to expand shared economies services. 

The shared economy once again became the center of attention when cab drivers gathered in downtown Seoul last week in protest of leading mobile messenger Kakao developing a carpool app service. 

Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon in meeting with businessmen at the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry on Wednesday said that if the shared economy is inevitable it would be best to tackle the relevant issues head on so that Korea will no longer be labeled as the ¡°wasteland¡± of the shared economies. 

¡°Shared economies require co-existing¡± with existing industries such as taxis and conventional lodging businesses, Kim said. 

The government said it will also look into lifting regulations that limit the use of the latest technologies, such as smartphones and wearable devices, in health management and remote medical diagnosis. The current law prevents non-medical companies from providing medical services. 

It added that it will create an evaluation system that will allow for the quick introduction of artificial intelligence and robotics into the medical equipment. 

To encourage Korean companies that relocated overseas to return to Korea, the government will offer tax incentives and subsidies. It plans to outline details of the support next month. 

Fuel taxes cut 15% for 6 months 

The government is lowering fuel taxes 15 percent for six months to help people save on monthly spending. It¡¯s also hoping to give a fillip to a weakening economy by increasing households¡¯ disposable income. 

According to the Ministry of Strategy and Economy on Wednesday, for six months starting Nov. 6, the gasoline tax will be lowered from the current 746 won per liter ($2.50 per gallon) to 635 won. 

The tax on diesel will be lowered from 529 won per liter to 450 won and on LPG butane from 185 won to 157 won. 

It¡¯s the first fuel tax cut in 10 years. In the middle of the global economic meltdown of 2008, the government cut fuel taxes 10 percent for 10 months. At the time, international crude prices surged to $140 per barrel. 

The government estimates that if the cut in fuel taxes are applied fully, the gasoline pump price will fall 7.3 percent or 123 won per liter. Based on the national average price of gasoline as of the third week of October, which was 1,686 won, the price would be lowered to 1,563 won per liter. (This figure includes a 10 percent value-added tax.) For diesel, the pump price would be lowered 5.8 percent or 87 won from 1,490 won to 1,403 won and for LPG butane 3.2 percent or 30 won from 934 won to 904 won.

The cuts are expected to cost the government 2 trillion won worth of fuel taxes. 

Deputy Finance Minister Ko Hyoung-kwon said the government decided to cut fuel taxes by 15 percent so that the public can really feel the difference and possibly spend more elsewhere to help economic growth, which has been flagging. There was earlier speculation the government might cut the taxes 10 percent. 

¡°As the situation [of low-income households and small and medium-sized enterprises] becomes more difficult with rising international crude prices, we have decided to aim for a psychological effect that would help the economy by increasing disposable incomes,¡± Ko said. ¡°The government doesn¡¯t like to use policies that were used in the past. [The fuel tax cut] reflects the government¡¯s strong will.¡± 

The ministry said small businesses will particularly benefit from lowered fuel taxes. 

According to the government 80 percent of the 3.58 million trucks on Korean roads are trucks of one ton or less owned by small business owners. 

While the government doesn¡¯t believe that international crude prices will spike as they did in 2008 - in just four months, they rose 35 percent - they are climbing, which puts a growing burden on low-income households and small businesses, which won¡¯t help the domestic economy. 

According to the government, the average national gasoline retail price has risen 8.7 percent from the beginning of the year when it was 1,551 won per liter. Dubai crude, which Korea relies on the most, has risen 17.6 percent from January to $77.88 per barrel as of Oct. 19. 

The government said it wished the fuel tax cuts could have been designed to specifically give more benefits to lower-income families. 

¡°The best solution would have been a tax refund accordingly to the person¡¯s income, but creating such a system would have taken us at least six months,¡± Ko said.

Heat wave pushes producer prices to 5-year high in Sept. 

Korea¡¯s producer prices continued to move upwards, posting a more-than-five-year high in September due to the record-breaking heat wave in the summer months, central bank data showed Tuesday.

The producer price index, a barometer of future consumer inflation, reached 105.78 in September, up 0.3 percent from a month earlier, according to the preliminary data from the Bank of Korea (BOK). 

On a year-on-year basis, it rose 2.7 percent to extend its positive streak to 23 straight months from November 2016.

The monthly figure marked the highest level since August 2013, when the index reached as high as 105.81.

Prices of agro-fishery products gained 1.5 percent on-month to reach a record 136.57 as the worst hot spell in the summer undermined crop production and pushed up prices of agricultural goods.

At the same time, prices of industrial goods, petrochemicals and gas gained 0.3 percent on-month last month amid an upturn in crude oil prices.

Presidential committees facing scrutiny 

Last July, the Special Committee for Financial Reform, a group under the Presidential Commission on Policy Planning, clashed with the Ministry of Economy and Finance over the government¡¯s tax policy. While the committee called for an increase in the general real estate tax and the number of people taxed for financial income, the Finance Ministry rejected the recommendations, explaining that it would be difficult to pursue both measures.

Presidential committees, which serve as think tanks for the presidential office, have recently come under fire for frustrating the policy-making process.

Multiple parties, including the financial reform committee, took part in drafting the general real estate tax. While the plan was first written by the committee, it was changed by the Finance Ministry and then submitted to the National Assembly. The ruling party, the government and the presidential office made additional changes. 

Presidential committees are facing criticism for lack of results. The Presidential Committee on Job Creation has failed to come up with a concrete policy for employment despite meeting eight times since being formed in May last year.

Job growth in the country has slowed dramatically, with monthly employment increases dropping to about 5,000 a month in July, compared to the same month last year when new jobs increased an average of more than 300,000. Meanwhile, as the job situation worsens, committees with the ¡°job creation¡± title have proliferated.

The Special Committee for Income-led Growth, which was formed last month under the Presidential Commission on Policy Planning, could be in limbo as Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon and presidential policy chief Jang Ha-sung remain at odds over the direction and speed of the income-led economic growth model being pushed by president Moon Jae-in. Such issues have left presidential committees devoid of influence or power, leading to questions about their effectiveness.

According to the Ministry of the Interior and Safety, the administration has 521 advisory committees. The number was at 357 in 1998 and peaked at 535 in 2008. Committees directly under the president total 17 and include the Presidential Committee on Job Creation and the Presidential Committee on the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Presidential committees increased from 10 in 1997 to 30 in 2008, the total ranging from 15 to 21 since 2012.

Some presidential committees are limited to five-year terms, and a number of the committees have had to close after a change in administration. The Presidential Committee for National Cohesion formed under former president Park Geun-hye was dissolved after the administration change.

¡°There is the impression that past committees such as ¡®Green Growth¡¯ and ¡®Creative Economy¡¯ have switched names,¡± said an official of a presidential committee. ¡°I admit that this phenomenon repeats itself whenever there is an administrative change.¡±

Despite immediate concerns regarding the job market and real estate taxes, presidential committees are focused on long-term policies. ¡°There is relatively less interest on domestic issues as this administration is prioritizing inter-Korean issues,¡± the official added. ¡°All committee plans have to somehow include inter-Korean issues.¡±

The committees themselves are only able to make policy recommendations and have no enforcement authority. They are limited to providing advice requested by government agencies and helping with the decision-making process.

Chang Byung-gyu, head of the Presidential Committee on the Fourth Industrial Revolution, recognizes the limitations of his organization: ¡°It¡¯s not a structure where you can do a lot.¡±

The sentiment is echoed by other presidential committees. ¡°The government picks civilian or academic experts who promote their policies and raise policy awareness,¡± said an official at another committee, who requested anonymity.

Administrators are hampered by the work of some committees. It can be difficult for the government to pursue policies when they are constantly being pressured by presidential committees. But at the same time, it is difficult to ignore them outright. It is also difficult for government ministers who serve as government members of the presidential committees to fully carry out their duties. Often times, ministers send other officials to attend committee meetings.

While the majority of committees have no budget, presidential committees are well financed. This year, each presidential committee has a budget of around 3.5 billion won ($3.1 million). According to the National Assembly¡¯s Special Committee on Budget and Accounts, presidential committee heads receive annual compensation of around 100 million won, similar to the 120 million won salary for deputy ministers. An additional 1.5 billion won has been allocated for presidential committees to establish a project management system.

¡°If committees are only formed to create positions for presidential committees, they won¡¯t be of any real help to the president and can be criticized for being organizations in name only without any influence,¡± said Kang Sung-jin, an economics professor at Korea University. 

Rate rise would slow growth as debt weighs on economy 

A 1 percentage-point rise in the interest rate would drag down the South Korean economy by 0.2 percentage points due to a decline in corporate investment and private consumption, the central bank said Monday.

¡°If the base rate increases 1 percentage point, the growth rate of the gross domestic product (GDP) is projected to go down by 0.2 percentage points,¡± the Bank of Korea (BOK) said in a parliamentary report.

The central bank is subject to the annual parliamentary audit Monday.

Higher borrowing costs may force businesses to reduce their bank loans and investments, while individuals may cut down on spending.

As a result, consumer prices will also contract by 0.12 percentage points, according to the BOK report.

The surplus in the current account, on the other hand, is expected to expand by $1.88 billion.

¡°The analysis is based on past experiences,¡± the BOK said. ¡°The effect of a rate hike may be changed by domestic and world economic conditions and economic players¡¯ sentiment at a certain period of time.¡± Also, the central bank noted that South Korean households and businesses for the most part can cope with the increased debt-servicing burden even if a 1 percentage-point rate hike takes place.

¡°But those who have far more massive debts than their income or some financially vulnerable families, mid-sized and small firms and small mom and pops could be burdened more heavily,¡± the BOK said.

South Korea¡¯s household credit reached a record high of nearly 1,500 trillion won ($1.33 trillion) as of the end of June.

Although the growth of household debt has slowed to some extent, the BOK believes it is still very high.

BOK Gov. Lee Ju-yeol has consistently emphasized the BOK¡¯s role in addressing imbalances in the financial field brought on by nearly a decade of low interest rates that have inflated real estate prices and contributed to high household debt.

Last week, the BOK held the key rate unchanged at 1.5 percent but gave some strong signals to the market.

¡°We will focus more on financial stability issues than before if favorable macroeconomic conditions are set,¡± the BOK said in a statement, from which the word ¡°carefully¡± was removed for the first time in a year.

BOK drops growth estimate for 2018 to 2.7% 

The Bank of Korea (BOK) slashed this year¡¯s economic outlook to 2.7 percent on Thursday amid worse-than-expected earnings, a sluggish job market and weak investment after a widely-expected freeze of its key interest rate.

Uncertainties at home and abroad kept the central bank from normalizing unusually low interest rates. 

The central bank kept its benchmark rate at 1.5 percent for the 11th consecutive month, despite two dissenters on the monetary policy committee - Lee Il-houng and Koh Seung-beom - who recommended a rate hike. Gov. Lee Ju-yeol cited internal and external headwinds for the economy, but at the same time, signaled a possible rate rise in the future. 

¡°We factored in the weaker-than-expected earnings in the second quarter,¡± Lee said, ¡°Still, the figure is largely in line with a potential growth rate [of 2.8-2.9 percent].¡±

The lowering of the growth forecast from 2.9 percent reflected the impact of a trade dispute between the world¡¯s two largest economies and growing financial turbulence stemming from fears surrounding rising interest rates in the United States, Lee said. 

The revision follows a series of moves by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) to lower the country¡¯s growth rate estimate for this year. The IMF projects Korea¡¯s growth will reach 2.8 percent while the OECD was less optimistic at 2.7 percent.

The governor reaffirmed the need to ease financial imbalances that resulted from a prolonged period of low rates, hinting at a possible rate hike. 

¡°[The BOK] has made it clear that there is a growing need to address financial imbalances,¡± Lee said, ¡°And the time to focus on that has drawn near.¡±

There was a notable change in the wording of the BOK¡¯s statement. It no longer used the word ¡°carefully¡± to describe its adjustment of the accommodative monetary policy. 

Still, analysts hold varying views as to when exactly the BOK will act, with many predicting next month. 

¡°We expect the Bank of Korea to push up the rate in November as the governor reaffirmed his commitment to raising the rate, and there were two dissenters,¡± said Paik Yoon-min, a researcher at Kyobo Securities. The rise should come when instability on global financial markets subsides, he said. 

Others believe the BOK will find it hard to raise the rate, given weak economic indicators. 

¡°If we look at different economic indicators, there is no viable justification to push for a hike, besides calls from politicians,¡± said Kim Ji-na, a fixed income analyst at IBK Investment & Securities. ¡°The jobs data deteriorated and the BOK has acknowledged that the country face different challenges.¡± 

Top government officials, including Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon and Land Minister Kim Hyun-mee, implicitly advocated a rate hike in the past few weeks, as low interest rates are considered one of the causes of an overheated real estate market. It encourages people to borrow to buy real estates. 

The BOK has also been facing pressure from the continuing interest rate hikes by the U.S. Federal Reserve, which may lead to an exodus of foreign investors from Korea. Foreign investors net sold 2 trillion won ($1.7 billion) worth of Korean shares this month alone. 

Korea is No. 15 on WEF competitiveness index 

Korea ranked 15 among 140 countries for competitiveness in the World Economic Forum¡¯s latest Global Competitiveness Report released on Tuesday, up two notches from last year. 

Korea held onto the No. 1 slot for ICT adoption, and also ranked No. 1 for macroeconomic stability, which it shared with 31 other countries. 

But Korea was weak in product marketing as a result of lack of domestic competition and also ranked low for its labor market. 

According to the WEF on Tuesday, the United States ranked No.1 in competitiveness followed by Singapore and Germany. Among countries in East Asia and the Pacific region, Korea¡¯s competitiveness ranked sixth. 

¡°The country leads the ICT adoption pillar, boasting some of the world¡¯s highest penetration rates of ICTs,¡± the report said. ¡°Notably, it spends 4.2 percent of GDP on R&D spending, second only to Israel (4.3 percent).¡± 

But the report noted that Korea struggles with ¡°less tangible drivers of innovation¡± including critical thinking (ranking 90); interaction and diversity (80); and entrepreneurial and corporate cultures (59). 

In subrankings in the ICT adoption category, Korea ranked No.1 on fiber internet subscriptions and sixth on broadband internet subscriptions. It ranked No. 9 when it came to the percentage of internet users to the overall population.

But when it came to mobile broadband subscriptions, Korea ranked 17, which was three notches down compared to last year. On mobile cellular telephone subscriptions it ranked 52.

Korea was praised for macroeconomic stability, ranking No.1 in the subcategory of annual percentage change in inflation, a position shared with 74 countries, and also No.1 for debt dynamics. 

Korea¡¯s innovative capability ranked relatively high at eighth, an area in which Germany ranked the highest. Korea ranked second after the United States for buyer sophistication and ranked No. 2 in R&D spending. It ranked No. 3 for patent applications. 

But in diversity of the workforce, Korea ranked 82. 

Korea¡¯s business dynamism was another area that needed improvement, ranking 22. The United States ranked highest in this field. 

While Korea ranked eighth for its insolvency regulatory framework, and 12 for insolvency rate and time to start a businesses, as well as 35 for companies embracing disruptive ideas and 37 for growth of innovative companies, it was very low for the cost to start a business. It ranked 93. 

The financial system ranked 19 overall. Korea ranked second in non-performing loans, fourth in insurance premiums. When it came to banks¡¯ regulatory capital ratio, it ranked 97. 

One of the areas the WEF said Korea needs improvement in was the product market, the marketplace for finished goods and services (as opposed to raw and intermediate material trading), which ranked 67. Singapore was No. 1 in this field. 

Korea ranked 96 when it came to trade tariffs and 85 for complexity of tariffs. It ranked 66 for prevalence of non-tariff barriers. 

Korea¡¯s labor-employment relations were among the worst in the world. Korea ranked 124 for labor relations, 114 for redundancy costs and 108 for workers¡¯ rights. Korea¡¯s competitiveness in hiring foreign labor also ranked low at 104. 

The Korean Ministry of Strategy and Economy on Wednesday said in a statement that the government will step up the product market¡¯s dynamism by speeding up regulatory reforms. 

Additionally it said it will push forward structural reform of the labor market and further strengthening of the social safety net. 

¡°The government is currently working on changing the foundation of the economy and society in areas including income distribution and wealth gaps,¡± said an official at the Finance Ministry. 

New internet-bank investment rules take effect on Jan. 17 

The government is hoping that IT giants will become the largest stakeholders of internet banks - and pull them out of their current rut - when new rules go into effect on Jan. 17. 

Last month, changes to regulations on internet banks passed the National Assembly, boosting a ceiling of shareholdings by nonfinancial companies from 10 percent to 34 percent. 

According to the Financial Services Commission (FSC) on Tuesday, while conglomerates, as defined by the Fair Trade Act, will continue to have a 10 percent ceiling on shares in internet banks, there will be an exception for conglomerates whose information and communication technology (ICT) assets are 50 percent or more of total assets. They can own up to 34 percent. 

The Fair Trade Commission defines conglomerates as businesses group with assets exceeding 10 trillion won ($8.8 billion), and they face many unique restrictions, including the prohibition of mutual investments or guaranteeing of loans among affiliates as well as public disclosure requirements about unlisted affiliates. 

Once new regulations go into effect in January, KT and Kakao will be allowed to become the largest stakeholders of the internet banks they helped start. 

KT, which has a 10 percent stake in the country¡¯s first internet bank, K bank, is the only IT giant that is categorized as conglomerate.

Kakao owns a 10 percent stake in Kakao Bank. 

KT¡¯s total assets from 36 affiliates exceed 30 trillion won. It is the 12th largest business group in Korea. 

The government is hoping that the change in regulations will allow new IT giants, such as Naver, and game companies, like Nexon or Netmarble, to join internet banking. 

FSC Chairman Choi Jong-ku has said the government is looking into approving a third internet bank in April or May. 

The FSC clarified that the new regulations do not apply to conglomerates like Samsung, SK or LG, which, according to the FSC, are not ICT companies but ¡°manufacturers.¡± 

¡°The ICT that we are defining in this regulation are IT platform companies like Naver and Kakao,¡± said a FSC official.

The government said it is emphasizing the ICT asset ratio of potential investors instead of asset size to allow smaller players, such as fintech companies, to participate. 

¡°Limiting the requirement to asset size would only allow large players and deprive smaller players from entering the internet banking industry,¡± said the FSC official. 

The Moon Jae-in government has been trying to boost internet banking, which has failed to disrupt the commercial banking establishment and usher in competition and better financial services for customers. 

One problem was the limit on nonfinancial companies¡¯ investments in internet banks, which needed more investments.

In August, Moon raised the need to change internet banking regulations in order to change banking and create new jobs. 

Although the situation for internet banks has improved compared to the same period last year, in the first half, they both continued to suffer net losses. 

K bank reported a 39.5 billion won net loss, a slight improvement from the 40.5 billion won net loss it suffered in the first six months of 2017. 

Kakao Bank reported a 12 billion won net loss during the same period, down from 18.7 billion won a year ago. 

Minister to Mid East in construction project push 

Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport Kim Hyun-mee left for the Middle East on Monday. She will be visiting the UAE, Kuwait and Qatar in support of Korean companies seeking construction contracts in the region and will be focusing on smart cities, airports and intelligent transportation systems.

The visit follows President Moon Jae-in¡¯s trip to the UAE in March, where the two countries agreed to form a strategic alliance. 

Minister Kim is scheduled to visit Kuwait International Airport¡¯s Terminal 4, which has been in operation since August and is being operated by Incheon International Airport. She will also be visiting Sheikh Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah Causeway, which runs 36 kilometers (22 miles) and connects Shuwalikh Port with Subiyah New Town. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is the main developer of the bridge. 

A consortium led by state-owned construction company Korea Land and Housing is currently working on the South Saad Al Abdullah New Town, located 30 kilometers from Kuwait City. The project, which involves the building of 40,000 housing units, is worth $4 billion. 

During her visit, Minister Kim will be meeting with a number of senior Kuwaiti government officials, including Minister of State for Housing Affairs Yasser Hassan. Kuwait is expected to initiate a number of major infrastructure development projects worth an estimated $18 billion. Bidding is set for the second half of next year.

Minister Kim will also meet with Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser bin Khalifa Al Thani, Qatar prime minister and interior minister. They will discuss possible cooperation on the Doha Metro Green Line project, a rapid transit system worth an estimated $1 billion and currently under bid, as well as the $8 billion Hamad International Airport expansion project, scheduled for bidding in the fourth quarter. 

Qatar is generating considerable interest in the infrastructure world as it will be hosting the 2022 World Cup.

¡°We are seeking construction projects in the Middle East, where several countries have been adopting policies to shift away from a heavy reliance on oil exports by developing new industries,¡± said a Korean government official.

Seoul eyes gas tax cut as crude oil prices rise 

The government is planning to temporarily lower oil prices for the first in 10 years to ease the burden on small business and low income households. International crude oil prices continue to rise because of looming sanctions against Iranian oil imposed by the U.S.

¡°Now that the international crude price exceeds $80 per barrel, that is becoming a factor in rising gasoline prices,¡± said Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon during a press briefing held at Bali, Indonesia, on Saturday where the International Monetary Fund and World Bank annual meetings are being held. 

¡°We will be temporarily lowering fuel taxes as a means of vitalizing the economy and promoting investments to create jobs,¡± the minister said.

He added that the lowering of the taxes would not only ease the burden imposed on small businesses and lower income households but would also contribute to increasing disposable income. 

He said the Ministry of Strategy and Economy was currently in talks with other agencies and, if agreed, the price reduction would probably be included in macroeconomic measures targeted at boosting the economy and jobs to come later this month. 

The ministry said that under certain circumstances, the government could adjust gasoline prices by 30 percent. Currently, including the 26-percent value added tax, taxes account for 54.6 percent of fuel charges. Excluding the value-added tax, the basic fuel tax includes transportation, energy, environment and education taxes, and accounts for 45.5 percent of the total price of fuel sold to consumers. 

Recently, international oil prices have been on the rise, especially since the U.S. government again levied sanctions against Iran, including a ban on imports of oil from Teheran. The measure goes into effect in November. The U.S. State Department said in June all its trading partners must end imports of Iranian oil by Nov. 4 or face being cut off from the U.S. financial system.

Korea is a major importer of oil from Iran, which is the world¡¯s third-largest producer in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries. Last year, crude oil from Iran accounted for 13.2 percent of all Korean oil imports. But since June, Korea has been cutting back on Iranian crude purchases. 

West Texas Intermediate crude on Friday closed 0.52 percent up on the day at $71.34 per barrel. Dubai crude closed at $80.37, up 0.22 percent, and Brent crude was up 0.21 percent to $80.43. 

According to the Korea National Oil Corporation, the average retail price of gasoline last week, 1,674.9 won per liter, was 15.4 won higher than during the previous week, the highest level in nearly four years. Gasoline prices have been going up for 15 consecutive weeks. 

When compared to the first week of this year, when gas was 1,544.9 per liter, the price has risen more than 8 percent. 

According to the Economy Ministry, a 10 percent cut in the fuel tax would lower the consumer price of gasoline by about 82 won per liter, that of diesel by 57 won and that of liquified butane, usually used for cooking, by 21 won. That¡¯s a 4.9 percent drop from the 1,660 won per liter for gasoline on the first week of this month, 3.9 percent less for diesel and 2.2 percent less for butane. 

The government lowered taxes on gasoline and diesel for two months in 2000 when the country was struggling from the financial crisis of the late 1990s. Additionally the government lowered taxes on gasoline, diesel and butane by 10 percent for roughly 10 months in 2008 when international crude prices surged to $140 per barrel. 

Real estate stagnates after Sept. 13 measures 

Empty real estate offices filled the commercial area of the Ricenz apartment complex in Jamsil-dong, eastern Seoul, on an ordinary Thursday afternoon on Oct. 11. 

Although around 50 real estate offices conduct business in the 5,563 household apartment complex, there hasn¡¯t been a single registered transaction in the past month.

Just two months ago, 28 apartments were sold. Currently, prices for 84 square-meter (904 square feet) apartments have dropped by 50 million won ($44,000) compared to a month ago, going for 1.7 to 1.8 billion won.

¡°I haven¡¯t dealt with a sales contract in over a month,¡± said Lee Ki-choong of Daewang real estate office. ¡°Those who want to buy and those who want to sell - everyone is reluctant.¡±

The government¡¯s recent ¡°Sept. 13 real estate measure,¡± which enforced strong regulations to cool down the Seoul apartment market, is shaking things up. Transactions have dramatically decreased while the upward trajectory of apartment prices has waned. Meanwhile, transactions in Gangnam, southern Seoul, which saw the most interest from buyers earlier in the year, have completely disappeared. The government¡¯s September measure, which virtually blocks mortgage loans for multiple homeowners, has likely had the most effect on the Gangnam market.

According to the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, 675 apartments changed hands in Seoul over a 29-day period between Sept. 13 and Oct. 11 based on contract signing dates. That was only 6.1 percent of the 11,144 transactions that took place over the 29-day period prior to the government¡¯s announcement from Aug. 15 to Sept. 12.

For three districts in southern Seoul - Gangnam, Songpa and Seocho - there were only 59 transactions over the 29-day period, only 3.9 percent of the 1,501 transactions over the period prior to the government announcement. The real estate situation in northern Seoul is no different.

Over the same period, transactions in Mapo District decreased from 357 to 26 and transactions in Nowon, Seongdong and Dobong Districts all decreased to below 10 percent. Even when accounting for the transaction registration period, which can run up to 60 days, sales have decreased sharply across the board.

Sixteen houses were sold in the 1,612-unit Acro River Park in Banpo-dong, Seocho District, in August, while 14 changed hands in the nearby Raemian Firstage complex. But there have been none since the September measure.

The situation is no different in the Mapo Raemian Prugio apartment complex in Mapo District, that saw 39 sales in August and none since the new measure.

According to a homeowner who requested anonymity, selling their 146 square meter apartment in Daechi-dong, Gangnam District has been difficult. ¡°After it didn¡¯t sell at 3.2 billion won, I lowered the price to 3 billion won but people don¡¯t even come and see it.¡±

The increased rate for apartment prices has decreased as well. According to a report by the Korea Appraisal Board, the weekly fluctuation rate for apartments in Seoul as 0.07% in Oct. 8, falling for four straight weeks since the government¡¯s real estate measure announcement. However, Seoul apartment prices are still rising, increasing an average of 0.5 percent.

A 115 square meter apartment in Junggye-dong, Nowon District sold for 890 million won early last month but is currently listed at 900 million won.

Prices in southern Seoul have steadied. There are fluctuations though with asking prices falling by 100 to 200 million won for urgent sales. 

A 76 square meter apartment in Daechi-dong, Gangnam District that sold for 1.85 billion won is now listed at around 1.75 billion won.

A real estate agent in the neighborhood, Chung Bo-gyung, said, ¡°Those who want to buy are waiting with expectations of falling housing prices after loan restrictions made it difficult to borrow money and talks of a rate increase.¡±

Meanwhile, the Ministry of Land has assessed the September real estate measure as a success. During an audit by lawmakers on Oct. 10, minister Kim Hyun-mee said, ¡°The overheated real estate market is cooling down after the Sept. 13 measure.¡±

Experts expect the current situation to continue until the end of the year. 

¡°Dried up transactions will continue for the meantime due to pressure from housing prices rising over a short period of time and concerns over loan regulations and an interest rate hike,¡± said Park Hab-soo, a senior real estate researcher at KB Kookmin Bank.

Pressure on the real estate market could increase and cause prices to fall, as a plan to increase the general real estate tax awaits a decision in the National Assembly and the government plans to develop new cities.

For some, concerns over a steep price fall are unwarranted with the large number of potential buyers. ¡°Even if the interest rate rises for loans, loans will be manageable for now,¡± explained Ham Young-jin, chief of real estate app Zigbang¡¯s Big Data Laboratory. ¡°Homeowners also will not dump the market with listings due to the pressure from [real estate] sales taxes.¡±

New jobs data rebounds slightly 

Korea¡¯s unemployment rate inched up in September due to faltering hiring in the retail and restaurant sectors and of security guards and maintenance workers.

The good news is that a plummeting new hires rate bounced back somewhat, but nowhere near levels of years past. 

According to Statistics Korea on Friday, the unemployment rate stood at 3.6 percent last month, up 0.3 percentage point from a year earlier - the highest rate for September in 13 years. 

September saw 45,000 newly employed people over the same month last year, making the total number of employed people 27.05 million. 

The number of new hires has been falling sharply since February when it dropped to 100,000 more compared to a year earlier. In July, only 5,000 more new jobs were created, while in August, the number fell to 3,000, a stark contrast with the average of 300,000 jobs created every month last year. The August figure was the worst since January 2010. 

There were fears that the September figure for new hires would actually shrink compared to last September. 

¡°Different factors came along here,¡± said Bin Hyun-joon, a director at the employment statistics division at Statistics Korea. 

¡°The Chuseok holiday helped ease job losses in the manufacturing and retail segments while the sweltering heat, which hurt agriculture, ended,¡± he said. 

¡°Still, we can¡¯t say the job market is on track for recovery because the September figure remains the third lowest this year.¡±

The worrying drop in the number of new jobs has been blamed on a steep minimum wage hike that went into effect in January, although the government says structural factors, such as aging demographics and corporate restructuring, are to blame. 

By sector, facilities management - security guards and maintenance staffs - was hit hard in September. It lost 130,000 new jobs, or 6.8 percent, compared to the same month last year. 

Other sectors that suffered included the lodging and restaurant industry, with a 3.8 percent decline, and wholesale and retail businesses, which saw a 2.6 percent decrease. 

But health care fared well with a 6.8 percent increase year on year. The information and communication industry also added 73,000 or 9.3 percent over a year ago. 

Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon said last week that the employment situation is severe, adding that new government measures will be announced as early as next week. 

He noted that his ministry will focus on vulnerable sectors that saw less than 10,000 new jobs in recent months. In an assessment of the economy, the ministry took out the phrase ¡°steady recovery.¡± 

¡°Exports and consumption grow steadily, but investment and employment remain weak,¡± the report said, ¡°A trade dispute between the United States and China and inflation risks associated with rising oil prices contributed to intensifying uncertainties.¡±

Gov¡¯t slated for short-sighted emissions target 

This July, the Ministry of Environment raised its 2030 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target for all industries to 20.5 percent from business-as-usual (BAU) levels, up from the previous target of 11.7 percent.

The revised target has been met with huge backlash from businesses in heavy industries like chemicals, steel and oil, who argue that the Environment Ministry has set unrealistic goals relying on unavailable technology without taking into account that the capacity to reduce emissions differs by industry. 

When it announced the revised reduction plan in July, the Environment Ministry projected that businesses would be able to use the CCUS (Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage) technology to cut 10.3 million tons of greenhouse gases by 2030.

CCUS is the process of capturing carbon dioxide emissions from power plants and either storing or reusing them to prevent waste from entering the atmosphere. If stored, carbon dioxide is usually pumped into natural underground geological formations like oil, gas and saline reservoirs.

The problem is that no government in the world has yet been able to adopt CCUS technology for commercial use. 

¡°The United States and other advanced countries in Europe are expecting the commercialization of CCUS technology to occur after 2030,¡± said a spokesman from the Korea Carbon Capture & Sequestration R&D Center, an organization affiliated with the Ministry of Science and ICT.

Similarly, the government is counting on brand new technology that is only in the research stage to cut greenhouse gas emissions in the steel industry. Steelmakers today use a specific type of coal known as coking coal to remove oxygen from iron ore and reduce it to pure iron, a process that results in large-scale production of carbon dioxide. In recent years, leading global steelmakers, including Posco, have begun exploring ways to reduce iron ore by using hydrogen instead of coal, which promises to leave only water as a by-product.

Experts estimate that research and development for such a hydrogen-based iron ore reduction technology will only be completed after 2024, with commercial adoption expected to be available at a much later date.

Heavy industries are also taking issue with how the government is pushing for radical change without addressing current problems such as the steep rise in certified emission reduction (CER) credit prices. 

CER credits are a type of carbon credit that a government issues to qualified companies to grant them the right to emit one metric ton of greenhouse gas as a means of meeting country targets for emission reduction under the Kyoto Protocol. 

Six greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming are covered under this system - carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, perfluorocarbons, hydrofluorocarbons and sulfur fluoride. 

Since the Korean government launched the national Emissions Trading Scheme - which allows companies to trade CER credits among themselves through the Korea Exchange - in January 2015, the domestic CER credit market has proven to be very volatile, with prices skyrocketing by 159 percent in the past three years.

The first tradeable CER credits sold for 8,640 won ($7.60) in 2015. Last Friday, they were valued at 22,000 won.

¡°The problem with the CER credit market is that businesses are scared of the limited credit supply and high price fluctuations,¡± said Eom Yi-seul, a senior analyst at accounting firm Samjong KPMG. ¡°Though the oil and chemical industries complain about a chronic lack of CERs, industries that have an oversupply of CERs are holding on to them to protect themselves against future uncertainties.¡± 

Under the Moon Jae-in administration, the Environment Ministry has been active in pushing for green energy policies.

In revising the greenhouse gas emission target, experts believe that the government could have done more to communicate with relevant industries and explain why it set the final target numbers and how it expects companies to meet them. 

Companies have found it unfair that the government slapped a blanket reduction target on all industries, even though the capacity to reduce emissions varies wildly by sector. 

They have been vocal in expressing their frustrations - even taking legal action. Out of the 525 companies that had been issued CER credits between 2015 and 2017, 243 have submitted complaints regarding the unfair distribution between industries and other grievances. 

Some 59 companies have filed administrative litigation against the Environment Ministry, although most have lost the lawsuit.

¡°Businesses are questioning the transparency of the ministry¡¯s environment policies because the government has not explained its decision-making process behind allotting the CER credits,¡± said Kang Youn-young, a professor of energy resources engineering at Seoul National University.

¡°As much as businesses developing renewable energy are contributing to reducing greenhouse gases, the government should grant them more CER credits,¡± said Ahn Byung-heon, head of the Korea Research Institute on Climate Change. ¡°This will bring in revenue for the industry, which they can use to grow businesses and further develop renewable technology.¡±

Government pushes for cleaner energy 

New Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy Sung Yun-mo on Wednesday said the government will continue to push for clean and safe energy. 

¡°We will continue to work on energy policies that will include a sustainable transition [away from nuclear energy] with a long-term vision on our energy plan,¡± Sung said during a National Assembly audit, a first for the minister who started working last month. 

¡°We will come up with a plan that strengthens the ecosystem of the renewable energy industry so that the expansion of renewable energy distribution would not only increase the number of [renewable energy] manufacturers and services [providers] but also lead to the growth of related industries,¡± Sung said. 

The Moon government¡¯s policy of phasing out nuclear power was under attack this summer when the extreme heat wave resulted in huge demand for electricity. This led to fears that many households would face a heavy financial burden on their electricity bills. 

During his confirmation hearing, Sung insisted that the government¡¯s energy transition policy will not be an attempt to raise the electricity bill. 

The government last year announced it will reduce the supply of nuclear energy from 30 percent to 24 percent while increasing the contribution of renewable energy from 6 percent to 20 percent. 

Sung on Wednesday said he plans to promote new industries in the energy sector while creating a road map for a hydrogen economy, a system of deriving clean energy from hydrogen. 

¡°In energy, managing demand is as important as managing supply,¡± Sung said. ¡°The government will actively manage in optimizing the energy consumption system by focusing on raising the efficiency of existing [power] facilities while also creating a low-energy consumption community.¡± 

On the trade issue, the minister said the government will try to minimize the damages that Korean companies may incur from expanding trade protectionism, the U.S.-China trade war and the U.S. government¡¯s attempts to impose tariffs on imported cars. 

¡°By diversifying export markets with other developing countries through the expansion of free trade agreement networks, we will help Korean companies advance in these markets,¡± Sung said. 

The minister also raised the government¡¯s efforts on improving Korean companies¡¯ competitiveness. 

He said the government will work on revitalizing Korea¡¯s leading industries by testing new businesses that will stimulate innovative growth, helping companies find promising new areas to enter and providing support, such as financial and tax benefits.

¡°This will result in the creation of many good jobs,¡± Sung said. 

IMF lowers Korea¡¯s growth rate 

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) lowered its outlook for Korea¡¯s economic growth this year and next, citing trade tensions between the world¡¯s two largest economies, slower momentum in global trade and financial turbulence in emerging countries. 

In its world economic outlook (WEO) released Tuesday, the IMF cut its growth forecast for this year to 2.8 percent from 3 percent. 

Next year¡¯s projection was reduced to 2.6 percent from 2.9 percent. 

The report painted grimmer prospects for the overall global economy this year and next, trimming its predictions by 0.2 percentage points each to 3.7 percent for both years. 

The agency cited the trade war between the United States and China as the main factor for the changes. 

¡°Escalating trade tensions and the potential shift away from a multilateral, rules-based trading system are key threats to the global outlook,¡± the report said, ¡°Since the April 2018 forecast, protectionist rhetoric has increasingly turned into action, with the United States imposing tariffs on a variety of imports, including on $200 billion of imports from China, and trading partners undertaking or promising retaliatory and other protective measures.¡±

Asia¡¯s advanced economies including Korea and Australia were affected by the disputes, it said. 

¡°The downward revisions to the 2019 growth forecast for Australia and Korea relative to the April 2018 WEO partially reflect the negative effect of the recently introduced trade measures,¡± it said. 

At home, Korea faces its own headwinds such as a deteriorating job market, growing debt levels and weak investment. 

The revisions are in line with predictions by other research institutes and agencies. 

Last month, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) downgraded its growth estimate for Korea this year to 2.7 percent from the previous 3 percent while multinational investment companies also trimmed their projection. 

UBS and Nomura adjusted their rates to 2.9 percent and 2.8 percent from 3 percent, and Goldman Sacks lowered it to 2.7 percent from 2.9 percent. 

The central bank has a more sanguine forecast of 2.9 percent, but the Bank of Korea will likely revise downward its estimate this month. 

The Finance Ministry also is projecting 2.9 percent.

Private research institutions, such as LG Economic Research Institute and Hyundai Research Institute, project 2.8 percent.

Gangnam housing plans draw fierce opposition 

The government announced a plan to build more housing to cool the real estate market late last month, and it is already receiving backlash.

Two of the 11 areas designated for new apartment construction in Seoul - the former Seongdong Detention Center in Songpa District and Gaepo-dong in Gangnam District, both in southern Seoul - are the subject of heated debate from local residents. 

Plans for public housing in the detention center area are likely to be canceled due to opposition from local residents. The value of real estate in the areas surrounding the designated construction zones is growing, however. If the plans for public housing are canceled, some are concerned that only the wealthy will be able to purchase the apartments. 



The mood at the old prison

Just 100 meters (328 feet) away from Ogeum Station, a major transfer point, is a tall wall that used to separate the city from the inmates at Seongdong detention center. The detention center relocated to its new building in nearby Moonjeong-dong in June 2017. 

Barbed wire still remains at the top of the wall. The former prison¡¯s front gate is shut, but a banner that reads ¡°strongly oppose the hasty development of Seongdong detention center¡± has been draped across it. 

The government announced that 1,300 new apartments would be built in the area as part of the plan announced in September. 

Local residents fiercely opposed the plan after they learned that most of the apartments would be public rentals. They expected a private redevelopment after the relocation of the detention center, which was considered the primary factor hurting the neighborhood¡¯s real estate value. 

Residents formed an opposition committee and demanded the construction of facilities for culture, art and youth employment, which were promised by the Seoul city government. Songpa District head Park Seong-su of the ruling Democratic Party agreed with angry residents, and said ¡°[The government] did not consider the situation of Songpa District and its residents who are most affected.¡±

The Seoul government had already announced last year a plan to build 1,000 to 1,100 new apartment units on 51,975 square meters (12.8 acres) in the area. The city¡¯s development plan for the area also included education, culture and youth start-up centers as well as other public facilities on an additional 26,483 square meters of land. 

The government¡¯s latest measure adds to Seoul city¡¯s original plan by adding 200 to 300 units and an additional 6,000 square meters of land. 

The Seoul government tried to appease local residents after the Land Ministry announced its plan in late September. It insisted that it will push forward with its initial plans to build community centers and said that most of the apartments will be sold to owners before their construction rather than designated as public housing. 

Many neighborhoods oppose public housing apartments from being built in their neighborhood. They fear that accepting poorer people into the area will affect education quality in the area¡¯s schools and drive down the value of apartments. 

The Land Ministry¡¯s current plan is for 700 of the 1,300 apartments to be designated as a ¡°newlywed hope town.¡± They will give priority to low to mid-income couples who recently married or are planning to. They can either buy the apartments or rent them for a minimum period of ten years. The ministry has not indicated what will happen with the other 600 apartments.

The Seoul Housing and Communities Corporation (SH), a company owned by the Seoul city government, has the rights to the land in question. An official from SH said the Seoul government has all but decided to designate the apartments be sold just as regular apartments. The only decision that hasn¡¯t yet been made is whether SH will personally build the apartments or pick a construction company.

¡°The mood has quieted down after news that government rental housing won¡¯t be built and facilities will be established as planned,¡± said a neighborhood realtor who requested anonymity. 

The shacks of Gaepo-dong

This village, one of the last shantytowns south of the Han River, lies across a bridge from Yangjaecheon stream, about a five minute walk from Maebong Station on Line No. 3. Currently, 60 households live in the area. People first settled in the Gaepo-dong shantytown after they were forced out of their homes in the late-1970s, when Seoul underwent large-scale development. 

The neighborhood¡¯s atmosphere was surprisingly calm on Oct. 1. 

¡°We don¡¯t really know. I suppose the country will provide a good [relocation] plan,¡± said a woman in her 70s who was shopping for groceries from a truck vendor. She seemed to be aware of the sharp rise in interest in the area from outsiders.

Old tin-roof buildings and makeshift homes dotted the narrow alley that runs through the neighborhood. Some homes were left empty after a fire in 2011. Tower Palace, one of the most expensive apartment complexes in Seoul, is visible from the area, its buildings peeking above a low roof blackened by coal tar. 

While residents were reluctant to speak about the new apartment construction, the general mood was that the relocation plans for residents, which had been delayed for years, were reaching a breakthrough.

Although the area was designated for public development back in 2012, a clear plan for the current resident has yet to be decided upon. Seoul is considering whether to provide the residents with 60 homes out of the 340 apartments in its planned project, which is also aimed at newlyweds.

However, there are problems that still need to be resolved, including compensation for land. The Gangnam District Office has been imposing an annual fine on households in the area of around 1.3 million won ($1,150) for illegally occupying the area since 1991.

The government seizes assets if someone cannot pay a fine. If a person has no assets five years after the fine was first issued and cannot pay the fine, then the fine is dismissed. But if the government finds that someone received income or owned assets during that five year period, then the fine is revived and they will have to pay it. The residents are worried that on top of being forced to relocate due to the development they may be forced to pay the fines.

The government has not yet come up with a concrete plan to relocate local residents. 

Permanent rentals or public housing are options, but the project operator faces issues such as financial constraints and worries over fair housing distribution.

¡°Residents are willing to wait until Seoul releases their specific plan,¡± said Chung Han-ho, an official at Gangnam District¡¯s public housing support division. ¡°There are many cases where the fines are dismissed, which wouldn¡¯t be a major problem.¡±



Housing lotteries draw questions

The pre-construction sales prices of the apartments built on the Seongdong detention center and in Gaepo-dong will be limited, as they will be built on government-owned land. 

Real estate prices are rising in nearby areas, as expectations are growing that winning the lottery for the new apartments will guarantee big profits.

A 59-square-meter apartment at Raemian Park Palace, just across the street from Seongdong detention center, recently sold for 920 million won, while an 84-square-meter apartment sold for 1.13 billion won.

The pre-construction prices of the small apartments planned for the Seongdong detention center area are expected to be around 500 to 600 million won. A person who wins the apartment via a random lottery could make a profit of at least 300 million won, considering the recent sale of the 59-square-meter apartment across the street. This situation is spurring concerns that the government¡¯s plan to cool the market by building more apartments will actually overheat it even more. 

There are also concerns that the apartments for newlyweds, whose preconstruction sale prices are estimated to be around 500 million won, may end up going to the rich. 

The apartments are limited to newlywed couples with a combined annual income of less than 78 million won. Such couples likely wouldn¡¯t have the financial resources to buy such an expensive apartment without the help of their parents.

The government¡¯s Sept. 13 housing market plan extended the ban on sales of apartments built on public land to eight years from six, depending on the ratio of preconstruction sales price to surrounding market value. It also increased the amount of time that residents have to live in the apartment from three years to five.

This measure was put in place to prevent people from profiting off of rising apartment prices shortly after purchasing one.

Until now, exceptions to the period existed. Owners could sell the apartments to another owner if they had to relocate for work or were moving abroad. Now, they must sell the apartment back to SH. 

¡°There is a problem when only a few are reaping profits when rental housing is placed in expensive areas,¡± said Shim Gyo-Eon, a professor of real estate at Konkuk University. ¡°Instead, it would be better to help those who need housing by providing housing support fees by raising as much profit as possible.¡± 

Chaebol Sniper is still gunning for reform 

Fair Trade Commission Chairman Kim Sang-jo once again took aim at the business model and corporate structure of Korea¡¯s chaebol during an interview with the JoongAng Ilbo on Sept. 27.

¡°A decision-making structure that will take responsibility or make difficult judgments is absent,¡± Kim said. ¡°The biggest problem with chaebol is that the current status will continue for quite some time.¡±

He said the only way for the Korean economy and business groups to overcome the difficulties that they face is for the second and third generation of conglomerate founding families to make a decisive decision that shows their willingness to take responsibility and share their overall plan in reform chaebol. 

¡°The key is for the second and third generation to take the role of board chairman focused on making adjustments and modification [of the general direction of the conglomerate] rather than the current role of a CEO where they are receiving reports on everything and giving orders,¡± Kim said. ¡°This does not mean that they should be moving off the stage and only acting as shareholders that receive dividends. 

¡°They should leave daily management to the experts and focus on coordination in enhancing the internal energy [within conglomerates] while communicating with external parties.¡±

Kim also discussed the new financial companies consolidated oversight system. 

The consolidated oversight system is a monitoring system that was adopted by the Financial Services Commission in July that evaluates the soundness of financial affiliates owned by conglomerates as a single entity rather than independently. The goal is to prevent insolvency spreading among conglomerate affiliates through risk management. 

Kim, nicknamed the Chaebol Sniper, has been digging into issues surrounding chaebol for nearly 20 years while working at a civic group. 

He said he didn¡¯t mind the nickname and, in fact, considers it a complement. 

The Chaebol Sniper showed his willingness to push forward with chaebol reform. 

¡°It¡¯s been 30 years since reforming chaebol has become our society¡¯s project,¡± Kim said. ¡°Yet it has failed.¡± 

He said the reason behind this failure was largely because we have been focused with a limited scope. He said that in order to be sustainable, reform laws including commerce, finance, tax and criminal laws should be enacted as a single unit. Simply put, the reform of chaebol should be discussed by all government departments as a whole.

Unpaid household labor totaled 361 trillion won in 2014 

The value of unpaid household work, such as cooking and child care, was estimated at 361 trillion won ($319 billion) in 2014, state data showed on Monday.

The 2014 figure was up 90.1 trillion won, or 33 percent, from five years earlier, according to the data from Statistics Korea.

All household chores, including caring for family members and volunteering, were included in the so-called household satellite account, and the calculation shows the value of unpaid services and activities, the agency said.

Unpaid work at home in 2014 was equivalent to 24.3 percent of the country¡¯s gross domestic product, slightly higher than the 23.5 percent portion seen in 2009, the data showed.

The data also showed that the value of unpaid household chores per person was 7 million won in 2014, up 29.5 percent from five years earlier.

Maintaining a home, from the preparation of meals to doing laundry, accounted for 62.8 percent of the unpaid work, and the value of caring for family members came next, at 25.9 percent.

The value of household transport services - driving to work or taking kids to school - made up 9.8 percent of the unpaid work, the latest findings showed.

The statistical office also said the value of unpaid work at home by men was estimated at 88.3 trillion won in 2014, up 38.5 percent from 2009, with the corresponding figure for women being 272.5 trillion won, rising 31.7 percent over the cited period.

Unpaid work at home per woman is estimated at 10.7 million won, with the value of unpaid household chores per man reaching 3.46 million won.

¡°The value of unpaid chores in a three-member household is estimated at some 21 million won on average, and for a 4-member standard household it is projected at 28 million won,¡± an official at the statistics agency said.

New rules try to limit diversion of jeonse loans 

Seoul will tighten the qualifications to obtain a loan guarantee for a lump-sum housing lease. It said it has found abuse of such jeonse loans, which help renters finance the cost of the lump-sum deposit on an apartment at favorable rates. The deposit, often in the hundreds of millions of won, is refunded at the end of the lease term, usually two years. 

Because of loopholes and loose enforcement, some self-described renters are using the loans to finance housing purchases rather than rentals. A key element is that the jeonse loans are available for up to 80 percent of the required amount and at favorable interest rates. Mortgage loans, on the other hand, are available for only 40 percent of the real estate cost and carry a higher interest rate.

Evidently not wishing to regulate the loans directly, the Financial Services Commission (FSC) said Sunday that from Oct. 15, loan guarantees from two government agencies and one private company will not be given to applicants who already own two or more apartments. The commission called this a step to cool off the market. 

The guarantees, available from the Housing Finance Corporation, Korea Housing and Urban Guarantee Corporation and Seoul Guarantee Insurance Company, are almost always required by banks as a condition of granting a jeonse loan. The policy, when announced, was aimed mainly at people with lower incomes and credit scores; thus, loan amounts and repayment terms were relatively generous.

Under existing regulations, there is no restriction on the number of apartments a person can own when applying for a jeonse loan. But people now over the limit will have to sell their extra housing units within two years in order to qualify for a loan guarantee extension and cannot obtain new guarantees until they own fewer than two housing units.

Another new restriction is that jeonse loans will not be guaranteed by the Korea Housing Corporation or the Korea Housing and Urban Guarantee Corporation to married owners of a single apartment if the couple¡¯s combined annual income is more than 100 million. That requirement does not apply to the Seoul Guarantee Insurance Company, a private entity. 

When applying for a mortgage loan in areas designated as a ¡°speculation overheated region,¡± which includes all of Seoul, a borrower can only get 40 percent of the apartment value, compared with as much as 80 percent for a mortgage loan. Jeonse deposit prices often approach the market value of a housing unit in popular areas. 

And a jeonse loan is much easier to get than a mortgage loan; the applicant has to show only the jeonse contract.

The Financial Services Commission said jeonse lending grew 37.2 percent in the second quarter, up from the first quarter¡¯s rate of 33.4 percent. That quarterly growth is eye-catching, especially considering that growth in jeonse loans was only 27.9 percent for all of 2017. 

The FSC also said it would step up its monitoring, which includes a requirement for financial institutions that provide jeonse loans to check regularly if the borrower actually lives in the apartment associated with the loan. Banks will also be asked to keep track of changes in borrowers¡¯ total housing unit ownership. 

If a borrower does not actually live in the apartment, the loan is due and payable immediately. If a borrower owns more than two apartments, the extension of the loan guarantee will be dependent on the borrower¡¯s disposal of excess housing units.

Inflation hits highest level in a year in September 

Korea¡¯s growth in consumer prices hit the highest level in a year in September.

Statistics Korea said Friday that the country¡¯s consumer price index climbed 1.9 percent last month from a year earlier, accelerating from the previous month¡¯s 1.4 percent on-year gain.

The on-year rise was the highest since September 2017, when the comparable figure was 2.1 percent.

From a month earlier, the index rose 0.7 percent. Core inflation, which excludes volatile oil and food prices, rose 1.2 percent on-year.

The September figure was below the Bank of Korea¡¯s target of 2 percent for the year.

Still, the upturn in inflation could support an interest-rate hike as the central bank was waiting for stubbornly low consumer prices to go up to raise its benchmark interest rate. 

Prices of agricultural goods shot up 7.1 percent on-year last month, compared with a 3.5 percent on-year gain in August. In the case of vegetables, prices surged 12.4 percent on-year last month.

Prices of industrial goods increased 1.9 percent from the year before, compared to a 2 percent on-year rise reported the previous month, the agency said. Oil prices also surged 10.7 percent last month.

The statistics office said prices for services moved up 1.4 percent last month, the same rate as in August. Following a surge in prices of vegetables, the government said it would make efforts to stabilize the country¡¯s consumer prices by increasing supply.

¡°September¡¯s consumer price growth accelerated due to a rise in prices of agricultural products and the tapering off of a one-time cut in electricity bills,¡± Vice Finance Minister Ko Hyeong-kwon said in a policy review meeting.

¡°The government will control consumer prices via a rise in supply,¡± he said.

As to rising oil prices, the government said it will monitor global oil prices and redouble efforts to stabilize them.

Debt-to-GDP ratio is third highest in the world for Q1 

The ratio of household debt to gross domestic product (GDP) in Korea increased at the fastest clip after China and Hong Kong, despite a series of tightened lending rules, data showed on Wednesday.

According to the data compiled by the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), Korea¡¯s household debt accounted for 95.2 percent of GDP at the end of March this year, up 2.3 percentage points from a year before.

The growth rate is the third fastest among 43 major economies, after China¡¯s 3.7 percentage points and Hong Kong¡¯s 3.5 percentage points, the data showed. During the first quarter of the year, the country¡¯s household debt-to-GDP ratio was 0.4 percentage points higher than a year ago, the largest gain in 16 years.

¡°The household debt growth recently has slowed, but the data showed such debt here is growing faster than in other countries,¡± Cho Young-moo, a researcher at LG Economic Research Institute, said.

Last year, the Korean government unveiled a set of strict lending regulations aimed at curbing a rise in housing prices. In November, the Bank of Korea also raised its benchmark rate to 1.5 percent.

The ratio is the seventh-largest after Switzerland¡¯s 128.3 percent, Australia¡¯s 122.2 percent and Denmark¡¯s 117.3 percent. The comparable figures for the Netherlands, Norway and Canada were 104.3 percent, 101.6 percent and 99.4 percent, the BIS data showed.

The BIS data also showed that Korean households¡¯ debt service ratio stood at 12.2 percent in the first quarter of the year, up 0.1 percentage point from the previous quarter, hitting the highest-ever level.

The higher figure means a higher burden to pay back debts.

FSC cracks down on loan guarantee practice 

Starting next year, private lenders will not be allowed to ask borrowers for loan guarantees from other people. 

The Financial Services Commission (FSC) Wednesday said it is abolishing the common practice because it reduces lenders¡¯ ability to evaluate credit risks and financially wipes out many people who gave the guarantees.

While lenders will not be allowed to ask borrowers to get guarantors in the future, for existing loans, the guarantor can stay on the loan unless there¡¯s a change in the contract, including an extension of a loan. 

Additionally, companies that purchase these loans from private lenders will not be allowed to buy loans with guarantors. 

Asking for guarantors is a common practice particularly from nonbanking financial companies like consumer finance companies, especially when the borrower has a low credit rating. Usually the guarantor is a family member or business partner.

When borrowers default, the guarantor is required to pay the loan, financially wiping many people out. 

Although interest rates on loans from non-banking institutions have been falling since 2016, they are still much higher than loans from commercial banks. 

In 2016, the average interest rates on loans from non-banking institutions was 28 percent, which dropped to 22.3 percent as of last March. During the same period, the unsecured loan interest rate was 24.4 percent, which, as of March this year, was 22.5 percent. 

In comparison, the average interest rate on a mortgage from a bank has been around 3 percent in March 2018. 

The FSC said while 33 major private lenders have been voluntarily cutting back on guaranteed loans since July 2016, the practice is still common. The 33 private lenders are companies with more than 50 billion won ($44.6 million) in assets. 

At the end of 2015, there were 253,000 guaranteed loans borrowed from the 33 private lenders, and their value amounted to 1 trillion won. 

As of last March, that number dropped to 119,000 loans valued at 831.3 billion won, an 18 percent drop in value. 

Of those loans, 50 percent had maturity dates of less than a year. 

¡°While such loan guarantees have been falling in number, the practice still remains among private lenders,¡± an FSC official said. 

There will be an exception for corporate loans, which includes loans taken out by a chief executive, the largest stakeholder in a company, a person who owns more than 30 percent of the company¡¯s shares or a person who owns - with a spouse - a stake exceeding 30 percent. Yet the guarantor must be a single person, not a number of people. 

The FSC said while guaranteed loans borrowed by individuals have been shrinking, guaranteed corporate loans have been on the rise. 

New jobs may have shrunk, says Kim 

Kim Dong-yeon, finance minister and deputy prime minister for the economy, acknowledged Tuesday that the number of newly employed people last month will shrink - a spectacular fall from just a few months ago - admitting the government¡¯s failure to meet its promises to create jobs. 

¡°We cannot exclude the possibility,¡± Kim said when asked by Liberty Korea Party lawmaker Kim Gwang-lim at the National Assembly if there was a possibility that the number of new hires could be less than zero, compared to 314,000 new hires a year ago. 

¡°In the first half, only 140,000 new jobs were created,¡± Kim said. ¡°As a person in charge of the nation¡¯s economic management, I am ashamed and apologize to the people.¡± 

The government had a goal of creating 320,000 jobs this year. However, the number of new hires has been falling sharply since February when it dropped to 100,000 more compared to a year earlier and further falling in July and August. In July, only 5,000 more new jobs were created, while in August it fell to 3,000, a stark contrast with the average of 300,000 jobs created every month last year. 

The economy minister said while a large raise in the minimum wage and a law mandating a shorter work week had good intentions, the government does recognize the negative impact these had on the job market. 

¡°Especially in August, the sharp drop of jobs in the service sector has been most painful,¡± Kim said. ¡°Businesses that are most sensitive to the minimum wage increase are believed to have been [most] affected.¡± 

Kim added that he is in talks with other economic ministers in considering a change in the course of the government¡¯s job policies, adding that there¡¯s a fierce debate within the government over the policies¡¯ effect on the economy, even in front of President Moon Jae-in. 

The low number of jobs created compared to a year ago wasn¡¯t the only alarming figure. In August, the number of unemployed people rose to 1.13 million, the largest since the financial crisis of the late 1990s. Furthermore, the youth unemployment rate was at 10 percent while the number of people in their 40s that are employed dropped 158,000 year-on-year, the sharpest decline in 27 years. 

¡°The biggest problem that our economy faces is the weakening of our potential growth as low growth is becoming permanent,¡± Kim said. ¡°[The government] will soon announce a comprehensive industrial structure reform plan related to the traditional manufacturing industries including shipbuilding, automobiles, petroleum and steel.¡± 

While Kim has repeatedly raised the need to reconsider Moon¡¯s so-called income-led growth policies and the hiking up of the minimum wage, the Blue House has asked the public to be patient and wait for the policies to have a positive impact by the end of the year. The Blue House has argued that changing demographics and the current economic situation were the main factors contributing to the poor jobs figures. 

52-hour limit gives employees a break 

When Ms. Kim, a worker at a tech company in Pangyo, Gyeonggi, clocks off at exactly 5 p.m. every day, she heads straight to the gym from work.

She wasn¡¯t able to do that until recently. 

After Korea implemented a new 52-hour limit on workweeks in July, executives at her company insisted that everyone stop working overtime. Some executives started leaving work much earlier than usual. Junior workers, who often waited idle until their seniors went home, now have more free time. 

¡°Our company tried to provide work-life balance before,¡± Kim said. ¡°But directions on our working hours have become more explicit after the enforcement of the new policy.¡± 

Three months have passed since the maximum workweek at companies with 300 or more employees shrank from 68 hours to 52 hours. A report from KT¡¯s big data team, released on Tuesday, said that the policy is making workers head off earlier and spend more on leisure.

The mobile carrier¡¯s research showed that workers in Gwanghwamun, central Seoul, where many major government agencies and conglomerates are located, spent 55 minutes less in the office area on average from Aug. 1 through Sept. 16. In Pangyo, home to the country¡¯s top tech and gaming companies, workers spent an average of 11.6 minutes fewer in the area during the same period. 

At the Gasan Digital Complex in Geumcheon District, western Seoul, where many small and midsize companies with fewer than 300 employees are located, employees actually stayed five minutes longer at work.

KT research also showed that commuting hours have become more flexible. While 26 percent of the employees working in Gwanghwamun used to start work at between 7:30 a.m. and 8 a.m. last year, those numbers decreased to 15 percent. Employees who started work from between 8:30 a.m. and 9 a.m., however, increased from 21 percent of the total commuters to Gwanghwamun last year to 38 percent this year.

The carrier was able to track the floating population in various office areas based on the signals their cell phones exchanged with KT¡¯s base stations. KT considered a person to be working at Gwanghwamun when his or her phone was connected with the same base station in the city for more than four hours between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. for at least 10 days a month. 

KT included data from BC Card in its report. The data showed that workers¡¯ spending on leisure increased by an average of 9.2 percent or 1.6 billion won ($1.4 million) over 2017 from Aug. 19 through Sept. 15.

BC Card considered spending at bookstores, movie theatres, golf course, swimming pools, fitness and more as leisure activities.

The card company also found that revenue made after 6 p.m. at restaurants and bars around major work areas like Gwanghwamun declined by as much as 14.7 percent compared to the previous year. According to the mobile carrier, workers are moving to homes after finishing work early for dining and leisure activities. 

¡°We have seen through big data that workers¡¯ average hours are decreasing and their lifestyles are changing,¡± said Yun Hye-jung, head of KT¡¯s big data business unit. ¡°KT will come up with new services that fit consumers¡¯ new lifestyles based on our expertise in big data analysis.¡±

Auto output grows, but investment slows down 

Despite rising doubts over Korea¡¯s economic growth this year, output by the manufacturing industry has continued to grow as of August largely thanks to improvement in automobile exports. 

However, companies are continuing to cut back investments on plants and machinery. 

According to Statistics Korea on Tuesday, Korea¡¯s industrial output compared to a year ago has grown 1.5 percent. This is stronger growth than the 1.3 percent recorded in July. Industrial output has been on the rise since June. 

The statistics agency contributed the growth in output to the improvement in automobile exports in August and swift wage negotiations between automobile manufacturer management and labor unions. 

Automobile industry production in August grew 9.6 percent year-on-year, the first growth since February, when output plummeted to 19.8 percent. Compared to the previous month, production increased 21.8 percent. 

¡°The [overall] output has improved largely because of the increase in automobile production,¡± said Ou Un-seon, director of Statistics Korea¡¯s industry statistics division. ¡°The government¡¯s lowering of individual consumption taxes [on automobiles in mid-July] helped sales in the domestic market to increase, but we believe the increase in exports has had a larger contribution.¡± 

While exports shrunk 0.6 percent year-on-year, they grew 1.9 percent compared to the previous month. Domestic sales grew 2.9 percent year-on-year and 0.5 percent from July. 

Thanks to the automotive industry, the mining and manufacturing industry¡¯s production also grew. From last year, production grew 1.4 percent, more than the 0.5 percent in July. Even when compared to the previous month, production grew 2.5 percent, up from 1 percent in July. 

On the contrary, semiconductor industrial output fell 6.2 percent from the month before. Statistics Korea¡¯s director, however, said this was not because of falling production in the semiconductor industry but rather due to semiconductor manufacturers selling products that have piled up from previous months. 

¡°We¡¯re not looking [at the month-on-month drop] seriously as shipment has increased while the stockpile [of semiconductors] has fallen,¡± said Ou. 

The service industry, however, saw its growth slow down. In August, service industry output grew 1.6 percent year-on-year, a drop from 2.1 percent reported in July. But when compared to the previous month, it remained the same as in July at 0.1 percent. 

However, the biggest concern was the continuing decline in investment. Investment in plants and machinery by companies has fallen 11.2 percent year-on-year, worse than the 10.1 percent drop in July. Investment has been falling for four consecutive months. 

While investment in the public sector grew, the private sector fell. 

¡°Investment in transportation-related equipment, such as automobiles, has increased,¡± said Ou of Statistics Korea. ¡°But like in previous months, investment [in August] continued to fall as investment in special equipment, such as semiconductors, has shrunk.¡± 

Trade Ministry says tariffs on pickup trucks are no big deal 

A revised trade agreement calling for a 20-year extension of tariffs on Korean pickup trucks that can be sold in the United States will have a limited impact on the local auto industry, Seoul¡¯s Trade Ministry said on Tuesday.

Last week, Seoul and Washington signed their amended free trade agreement (FTA), which includes delays in the elimination of 25 percent duties on Korean-made trucks until 2041. The duties were set to be phased out from 2019 to 2021.

In a report submitted to parliament, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy said the extension of tariffs would barely affect Korean manufacturers, which presently don¡¯t export pickup trucks to the U.S. market.

If local companies produce half of all pickup trucks in American factories and ship half of them from Korea, only 2,960 vehicles can be exported annually from 2021 to 2040 due to high import duties.

The stiff duties won¡¯t affect vehicles made in American factories, it noted.

Seoul¡¯s doubling of the 25,000-vehicle unit threshold for U.S. car shipments that do not have to comply with domestic industry regulations would bring about little change to the local market, it noted, based on analysis of past sales records by U.S. carmakers.

Two government think tanks - the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics & Trade and the Korea Institute for International Economic Policy - analyzed the impact of the bilateral trade pact.

The ministry said the new agreement on the investor-state dispute settlement (ISDS) clause and anti-dumping and countervailing duty proceedings would help improve transparency in dispute settlement processes.

While investors could sue countries through international arbitration bodies for alleged discriminatory practices under the present ISDS provision, the two sides added clauses to prevent potential abuse of the arbitration system by multinational companies and better safeguard the right to regulate in the interest of the public.

Korea has lowest rate of out-of-wedlock kids 

South Korea has the lowest rate of out-of-wedlock births among advanced countries, primarily because of ingrained conservative social values, a report said Monday.

The report published by the Statistical Research Institute put the country¡¯s unmarried childbearing rate at 1.9 percent in 2014, the lowest among member states of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). Japan came next at 2.3 percent, followed by Turkey at 2.8 percent and Israel at 6.3 percent. 

The figure for South Korea compares starkly with 56.7 percent for France and 54.6 percent for Sweden. Other European countries, like the Netherlands and Spain, also posted comparably high rates over 40 percent while the United States registered 40.2 percent. The average for 27 OECD countries was 40.5 percent.

¡°The reason why the rate is low in South Korea and Japan is because of conservative values,¡± the report said.

As for the reason why European countries tend to have a higher proportion, the report said, ¡°Cohabitation is more common [in Europe] and there is less discrimination and prejudice against children born out of extramarital affairs.¡±

The rate was 0.9 percent in 2000, 1.5 percent in 2005 and 2.1 percent for 2010-2013 period.

Other statistics in the report showed there were roughly 1.53 million single-parent households in South Korea as of the end of 2017, or 7.8 percent of all households. Among them, there were 22,065 unwed mothers compared to 8,424 unwed fathers.

A survey of people¡¯s perception of divorce showed changes over the past decade. In 2006, 19.5 percent answered that divorce was out of the question, regardless of the cause. In 2016, the number fell to 9.5 percent.

In a question about whether a divorce is better if there was a reason, 14 percent responded yes in 2016 compared to 6.8 percent in 2006. 

Gov¡¯t hopes to designate biosphere reserves 

Korea is pushing the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (Unesco) to designate regions bordering the demilitarized zone (DMZ) and the whole of Jeju Island as biosphere reserves.

On Monday, the Ministry of Environment and the Korea National Park Service¡¯s Unesco Man and the Biosphere Programme National Committee announced that it had nominated three sites to Unesco for designation as biosphere reserves last Friday. 

A site designated as a biosphere reserve is expected to support development and logistics for conservation. Regional officials are encouraged to promote the conservation of species and ecosystems and foster sustainable economic development, while scientists are encouraged to conduct projects and educational training to further research. 

The ministry and committee are pushing for the northern regions of five counties in Gangwon - Cheorwon, Hwacheon, Yanggu, Inje and Goseong - to be designated as one biosphere reserve. 

These five counties, along with Yeoncheon County in Gyeonggi, another nominated site, all border the DMZ, which is famous for its flourishing wildlife due to decades-long isolation from humans.

Additionally, the government is pushing for all of Jeju Island to be recognized as a biosphere reserve. Currently, only the area immediately surrounding Mount Halla is designated as a Unesco biosphere reserve.

Sites must meet requirements regarding size and biological diversity before being admitted into the World Network of Biosphere Reserves, as outlined by the Statutory Framework of the World Network of Biosphere Reserves. In 2012, Korea¡¯s nomination of the five Gangwon counties for designation as a biosphere reserve was rejected due to failure to meet the criteria. 

Unesco will make a decision on the three sites¡¯ nominations next June. 

¡°By nominating sites that border the DMZ as biosphere reserves, I hope we will have more opportunities for North-South environmental cooperation to preserve and manage the areas together,¡± said Yoo Seung-gwang, head of the ministry¡¯s nature and ecology policy division. 

Currently, there are 686 biosphere reserves in 122 countries. As of 2018, six sites have been designated as biosphere reserves in South Korea - Mount Seorak, Jeju Island, Shinan Dadohae, Gwangneung Forest, Gochang County and Suncheon. North Korea has five mountains that are designated as biosphere reserves - Mount Paektu, Mount Kuwol, Mount Myohyang, Mount Chilbo and Mount Kumgang. 

U.S., Canada salvage Nafta deal, markets rise 

The United States and Canada forged a last-gasp deal on Sunday to salvage North America Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) as a trilateral pact with Mexico, rescuing a three-country, $1.2 trillion open-trade zone that had been about to collapse after nearly a quarter century.

In a big victory for his agenda to shake-up an era of global free trade, U.S. President Donald Trump coerced Canada and Mexico to accept more restrictive commerce with their main export partner.

Trump¡¯s primary objective in reworking Nafta was to bring down U.S. trade deficits, a goal he has also pursued with China, by imposing hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs on imported goods.

While this new United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (Usmca) avoids tariffs, it will make it harder for global auto makers to build cars cheaply in Mexico and is aimed at bringing more jobs into the United States.

Since talks began more than a year ago, it was clear Canada and Mexico would have to make concessions in the face of Trump¡¯s threats to tear up Nafta, and relief was palpable in both countries on Sunday that the deal was largely intact and had not fractured supply chains between weaker bilateral agreements.

¡°It¡¯s a good day for Canada,¡± Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told reporters after a late-night cabinet meeting to discuss the deal, which triggered a jump in global financial markets.

In a joint statement, Canada and the United States said it would ¡°result in freer markets, fairer trade and robust economic growth in our region.¡±

Negotiators worked frantically ahead of a U.S. imposed deadline to settle differences, with both sides making concessions to seal the deal. The United States and Mexico had already clinched a bilateral agreement in August.

Trump has approved the deal with Canada, a source familiar with the decision said. U.S. officials intend to sign the agreement with Canada and Mexico at the end of November, after which it would be submitted to the U.S. Congress for approval, a senior U.S. official said.

The deal will preserve a trade dispute settlement mechanism that Canada fought hard to maintain to protect its lumber industry and other sectors from U.S. anti-dumping tariffs, U.S. and Canadian officials said.

But it came at a cost. Canada has agreed to provide U.S. dairy farmers access to about 3.5 percent of its approximately $16 billion annual domestic dairy market. Although Canadian sources said its government was prepared to offer compensation, dairy farmers reacted angrily.

¡°We fail to see how this deal can be good for the 220,000 Canadian families that depend on dairy for their livelihood.¡± Pierre Lampron, president of Dairy Farmers of Canada, said in a statement.

The deal also requires a higher proportion of the parts in a car to be made in areas of North America paying at least $16 an hour, a rule aimed at shifting jobs from Mexico.

Canada and Mexico each agreed to a quota of 2.6 million passenger vehicles exported to the United States in the event that Trump imposes 25 percent global autos tariffs on national security grounds.

The news delighted financial markets that had fretted for months about the potential economic damage if Nafta blew up.

U.S. stock index futures rose, with S&P 500 Index e-mini futures up more than 0.5 percent, suggesting the benchmark index would open near a record on Monday.

The Canadian dollar surged to its highest since May against the U.S. dollar, gaining around 0.5 percent. The Mexican peso gained 0.8 percent to its highest against the greenback since early August.

Exports dip in Sept. but look strong for year 

Korea¡¯s export fell 8.2 percent in September compared to a year earlier, largely due to the Chuseok holidays, which were in October last year.

The good news was that Korea¡¯s exports stayed above the $50 billion mark for the fifth consecutive month. If exports continue at their current rate, they could reach an annual record of $600 billion by the end of the year. 

According to the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy on Monday, Korea¡¯s exports last month amounted to $50.6 billion, a drop from $55.1 billion recorded a year earlier. 

The ministry said one of the main contributors were September¡¯s 19.5 working days, four days fewer than the same month last year. 

¡°Since October, we expect export growth to maintain an average 5 percent increase,¡± said Trade, Industry and Energy Minister Sung Yun-mo. ¡°[If so] exports will exceed $600 billion for the first time this year.¡± 

In the first nine months, Korea¡¯s exports amounted to $450.4 billion, which was a 4.7 percent increase from the previous year and an all-time record for the same period. 

Imports fell 2.1 percent during the same period to $40.8 billion, contributing to 80 consecutive months of trade surpluses. The trade surplus in the first nine months was $9.8 billion. 

Semiconductor exports grew 28.3 percent from a year earlier to reach $12.4 billion, a new record. Not only have semiconductor exports grown for 24 consecutive months, Korea has exported more than $10 billion worth in the last five consecutive months. 

Other items that saw rises last month were petroleum goods, which grew 13.5 percent to $4.1 billion, and computers, which increased 5.7 percent to $959 billion. 

Korea has exported more than $3 billion worth of petroleum goods over the last 11 consecutive months thanks to rising international crude prices. The export unit price of petroleum goods is valued at $84.90 per barrel, which is 30.5 percent higher than the $65.10 per barrel a year ago. 

Computer parts have been enjoying growth over the last 18 consecutive months with the growth in cloud servers. 

However, the ministry remained cautious about protectionism, intensifying global competition and an increase in Korean companies relocating plants overseas. 

Another worrying factor is Korea¡¯s heavy dependence on semiconductor exports. 

Semiconductors currently account for a quarter of Korea¡¯s exports. 

In recent months, semiconductor growth has been slowing. Export growth for semiconductors, which was 53.3 percent in January, fell to the 30 percent range in June and below 30 percent last month. Prices of dynamic random-access and NAND memory chips have been falling. 

More alarming, growth in other major categories has turned negative, including mobile telecommunication devices (which includes smartphones), automobiles, consumer electronics as well as steel and ships. 

Especially ship exports plummeted 55.5 percent year-on-year while steel dropped 43.7 percent. Mobile telecommunication devices fell 33.1 percent and cars were down 22.4 percent. 

KCCI asks FTC to reverse some of its revisions

The business community is asking the Fair Trade Commission (FTC) to reconsider a recent revision of the antitrust laws that allows other institutions to investigate antitrust cases. 

The Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) on Sunday said it had delivered the request to the FTC on Friday, saying the change will contribute to uncertainties that could restrain business activities

The abolishing of the FTC¡¯s exclusive rights to turn over antitrust cases to the prosecutors¡¯ office were among the five requests the KCCI made. 

The other four involve limiting information exchanges that could be suspected of price-fixing; limiting the voting rights of nonprofit enterprises; expanding regulations against transactions between affiliated companies and the toughening of penalties for antitrust regulations. The biggest concern raised by the KCCI was the abolishment of the FTC¡¯s exclusive rights to report antitrust cases to prosecutors.

It said this would lead to an increase in false accusations by rival companies and deepen confusion over who¡¯s investigating what. The FTC and prosecutor¡¯s office could have different judgments on the same case, the KCCI said.

The KCCI asked the FTC to make the law clearer to prevent the possibility of overlapping investigation and cut back on reckless or frivolous accusations. 

The lobbying group also requested that the FTC come up with specific guidelines as to exchanges of information among companies as the interpretation of colluding on prices is currently ambiguous. Some product prices like steel are decided in discussions among steel manufacturers. A standard price is set and after companies offer discounts, the final price is arrived at. Under the revised law, this practice could be interpreted as price fixing. The KCCI said such a broad interpretation by the FTC could put a heavy burden on businesses. 

On conglomerate-owned nonprofit companies, the KCCI said limiting the voting rights of such companies is a violation of property rights, adding that if the FTC wants to prevent a conglomerate¡¯s controlling family from strengthening its control of affiliates through shares owned by nonprofit companies, it should be looking into measures that would increase transparency through strengthening the mandatory public notification of management decisions these nonprofit companies makes. 

The lobbying group also asked the FTC to abolish a number of punitive clauses that could lead to criminal charges, adding that when compared to other advanced economies, Korea now has a harsher standard. According to the KCCI, among 34 OECD member countries only 14 have a penalty clause against antitrust regulation. 

¡°Among the [OECD countries], the U.K. and Canada¡¯s punitive clauses are limited to price fixing while Japan and the U.S. have penalty clause for price fixing and manipulation through monopoly,¡± the KCCI argued. 

¡°Companies need to make changes according to changes in the times and society,¡± the KCCI said in the proposal delivered to the FTC. ¡°But actions that are taken to strengthen transparency in the market shouldn¡¯t lead to increasing uncertainty.¡± 

Not working is not an option for Korea¡¯s seniors 

Lee Young-gap recently landed a job as a security guard at a building in downtown Seoul.

Lee is 71 years old.

For 30 years, Lee worked in shipbuilding. After he retired, he spent the next 20 years running a restaurant, which closed earlier this year. 

Although he has worked for 50 years, Lee never managed to save much. His children struggle to make a living so he can¡¯t really rely on them. 

Lee has no other choice but to keep working. 

Korea has one of the highest employment rates in the world for senior citizens. That¡¯s not as positive as it sounds. Many work because, like Lee, they must.

But many of the jobs taken by senior citizens are temporary positions or day-to-day hires, which helps them to get by but not to escape their dire financial situations. 

According to a recent report by Statistics Korea, the employment rate of Koreans between the ages of 70 and 74 last year was 33.1 percent. That¡¯s more than double the rate of Estonia, which has the highest employment rate for this age group among the 28 EU member countries. The second highest among the EU countries was Romania with 13.5 and Portugal with 11.7 percent. 

Korea outranked the average of OECD member countries. The OECD average employment rate for people between the ages of 70 and 74 was 15.2 percent. 

Korea¡¯s employment rate for people between the ages of 65 and 69 was 45.5 percent. The only country in the OECD that outranks it was Ireland with 52.3 percent. 

Currently there are 7.38 million Koreans 65 years old or older, which accounts for 14.3 percent of the total population. When people 65 years old or older account for more than 14 percent of a country¡¯s population, it is considered an ¡°aged society.¡± Korea has been aging rapidly since 2000 when it first officially became an ¡°aging society¡± (when the number of people 65 years old or older account for more than 7 percent of the population). It took Korea only 17 years to move from an aging society to an aged one, far faster than Japan, which took 24 years. 

The statistics agency¡¯s study found that among the seniors 65 years old or older, 61.8 percent said either they or their spouse earn their living expenses, which is 10 percentage points higher than in 2011 when it was just 51.6 percent. Those that live on support from their children or relatives shrunk from 39.2 percent to 25.7 percent during the same period. The remaining 12.5 percent live on government or social organization support. 

Dependence on children has shrunk significantly. Among those aged 65 years or older, 72.4 percent live independently, up from 71.8 percent two years ago and up from 68.6 percent in 2011. 

The national pension payments aren¡¯t much help. Only 45.6 percent of people aged 55 to 79 get such pensions. The average monthly sum this year was 570,000 won ($514), just 40,000 won more than last year.

As a result, 64.1 percent of people aged between 55 and 79 say they are looking for jobs this year. The biggest reason - 59 percent - is to earn living expenses. That is 4.9 percentage points higher than in 2014. 

And the poverty situation facing seniors is only getting worse. As of 2016, the poverty rate among people aged 65 or older was 43.7 percent, which was higher than the 43.4 percent recorded in 2015. This means that four seniors out of 10 are below the poverty line. Among the 28 EU member countries, the highest such poverty rate is Latvia¡¯s 22.9 percent. 

¡°While the employment rate of senior citizens is higher [than other age groups], there are many who still have no work and only 40 percent receives pensions,¡± said Lee Jae-won, director of the social statistics bureau at Statistics Korea. ¡°Our society has not been properly prepared for the rapid speed at which it is aging and we have a high poverty rate among seniors.¡± 

Experts point out the glaring need for quality jobs for senior. Some 24.4 percent of people aged between 55 and 79 are working in simple labor positions. Seniors with skills in machinery handling accounted for 22.3 percent while those working in services or sales businesses followed with 22.1 percent. 

¡°In facing an aging population, we need to strengthen our social safety net,¡± said Kang Sung-jin, an economics professor at Korea University. 

A life led alone suits women more than men 

Women who live alone tend to be more satisfied with their lives than men, especially as they get older, according to a survey released by KB Financial Group Research Institute on Sunday. 

Female single-person households showed a relatively high satisfaction level across a broader age range while single men were less happy, especially in their 50s. 

Of 2,100 single respondents living across Korea, 82.7 percent of 20-something women answered that they were content with their lives. The rate edged down to 78.3 percent for women in their 30s and then rebounded to 78.5 percent in the 40s. A total of 72.6 percent of women respondents in their 50s were positive about their lives.

In the case of males, 71.2 percent of those in their 20s were happy with their lives and the figure slipped to 66.6 percent for those in their 30s and 67.9 percent in the 40s. Contentment bottomed out for 50-something men and only 51.4 percent of them said they were satisfied with their lives. 

The poll came as the country sees a record number of households comprised of a single person. That became the most common household type in 2015 when single people made up 27.2 percent of households. The latest statistics show the force continues to rise, reaching 5.62 million in 2017, or 28.6 percent of Korea¡¯s households. 

The institute didn¡¯t specifically analyze the factors behind the drastic downturn of satisfaction among 50-something men, but a survey about worries of solo-dwellers provided clues. 

The predominant concern across all ages and gender was loneliness, followed by health issues. Some 50.2 percent of 50-something people - both male and female - said that health conditions were a primary concern while 46 percent of that age group cited loneliness. Multiple answers were allowed. 

But many enjoy living on their own. Freedom in life and decision-making was considered the greatest merit with 39.5 percent choosing that response. The second most popular aspect was spending free time alone with 33.2 percent choosing it. 

The research noted that single households have a higher propensity to consume than multiple people households. 

¡°One-person households will likely spend more of their income compared to a member of multiple-people households,¡± the report said, ¡°Therefore, their influence will likely grow in the retail market.¡±

The average net assets of single people stood at 120 million won ($108,258) and the average debt was 19 million won. 

An interesting aspect of single demographics¡¯ wealth is that people in their 30s recorded the highest level of assets, a departure from nuclear families in which couples in their 50s are the wealthiest. 

Growth outlook for Korea by OECD dips 

Korea¡¯s economy grew at a slower pace than that of the United States and Japan in the second quarter of this year, a report by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) showed Sunday.

The Paris-based organization said the country¡¯s seasonally adjusted gross domestic product (GDP) advanced 0.6 percent compared to the first quarter in the April-June period. This is slower than the 1 percent tallied for the United States and 0.7 percent for Japan.

The numbers come as the growth rate of Asia¡¯s fourth-largest economy outpaced that of Washington and Tokyo in the first quarter of 2018. In January-March, Korea¡¯s GDP moved up 1 percent compared to a 0.5 percent gain for the U.S. and minus 0.2 percent posted by Japan.¡¯

The OECD said that Seoul¡¯s number in the second quarter also trailed that of the 20 industrialized and developing economies, which pulled off 1 percent growth. It added that the average growth for OECD nations edged past that of South Korea at 0.7 percent in the three-month period.

It attributed the drop to the weakening of investment and sluggishness in the country¡¯s key industries in recent months.

The Bank of Korea (BOK) said earlier that manufacturing sector growth stood at just 0.6 percent, down 1 percentage point from the first three months of this year, while construction actually contracted 3.1 percent on-quarter. In the first three months, the construction industry expanded 2.1 percent.

Reflecting the poorer showing, the OECD said in its Interim Economic Outlook report that Korea may be able to grow 2.7 percent this year and 2.8 percent in 2019. This is down 0.3 percentage points from its estimate for 2018 released in May, and 0.2 percentage points from the forecast for next year.

The downgrade is in line with moves by other international organizations such as the Asian Development Bank, which adjusted down Korea¡¯s GDP growth estimate to 2.9 percent from 3 percent and next year¡¯s numbers to 2.8 percent from 2.9 percent.

The BOK too said in July that Seoul will likely grow 2.9 percent this year, down from the 3 percent which it said was possible earlier. 

Terms of trade show decline for a 9th straight month 

Korea¡¯s terms of trade deteriorated for the ninth consecutive month in August mainly because of higher crude oil prices, according to central bank data released Friday.

The terms of trade index for products was 93.96 last month, down 9.1 percent from a year earlier, according to the preliminary data from the Bank of Korea. 

The terms of trade index is the ratio of export prices to import prices, and so measures the amount of imports a country can purchase for each unit of exports.

The index for Korea has been on a decline since December and has stayed below the break-even mark of 100 for nine months in a row. 

An index number of more than 100 means that the country is paying for its imports and accumulating capital as well; below 100, the country has to make up the difference from sources other than exports to finance its foreign purchases.

The drop in the trade terms index is attributable to rising oil prices, according to the BOK. Korea imports most of its crude oil, The cost of those purchases, the bank said, has offset solid export growth.

The price of Dubai crude, Korea¡¯s benchmark, soared 53.7 percent August-to-August, to $73.12.

The income terms of trade, which gauge the import purchasing power of a nation¡¯s exports, went up 1.1 percent year-on-year to 148.75 last month.

Propensity to consume hit 13-year low in 2017 

Korea¡¯s propensity to consume fell to a 13-year low in 2017 as households tightened their purse strings amid a sluggish economy, central bank data showed Thursday.

The average consumption propensity, or the ratio of total private and government spending to disposable income, stood at 78.9 percent, down 0.2 percentage points from the previous year and the lowest since the 78.1 percent recorded in 2004, according to the data from the Bank of Korea.

The country¡¯s disposable income grew 5 percent on-year to 1,390.8 trillion won ($1.25 trillion) last year, with total consumption rising 4.7 percent to 1,097.6 trillion won.

The average consumption propensity, a key measure of household spending, entered a downturn after reaching 81.6 percent in 2012.

The 2017 drop was attributed mainly to chronically anemic household consumption, which accounts for more than 90 percent of private spending.

Korea¡¯s private consumption expanded 4.2 percent in 2017 from a year earlier, with government spending climbing 6.5 percent.

Analysts said Korea¡¯s aging population, coupled with weak domestic demand and employment, cast doubt on households¡¯ future income, forcing them to save money instead of spending. The drop in the average consumption propensity has sparked worries that consumer spending may lose further ground down the road, becoming a drag on Asia¡¯s fourth-largest economy.

¡°Consumption is weakening amid consumer perception that income isn¡¯t growing faster than expected and economic conditions may become unstable,¡± said Joo Won, a senior researcher at the Hyundai Research Institute. ¡°The government should take measures to boost private employment and cut taxes to galvanize consumer spending.¡±

Leaders agree to revised U.S.-Korea trade deal 

President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump signed a revised bilateral free trade agreement between Korea and the United States on Monday in New York. 

¡°With the swift conclusion of the negotiations for the revision, uncertainty surrounding our FTA has been eliminated,¡± said Moon after the signing ceremony. ¡°As a result, companies from both countries will now be able to do business under more stable conditions.¡±

¡°The new U.S.-Korea agreement includes significant improvements to reduce our trade deficit and to expand opportunities to export American products to South Korea,¡± said Trump. ¡°In other words, we are now going to start sending products to South Korea.¡±

Under the revised pact, the United States will be allowed to continue imposing a 25 percent tariff on Korean trucks until 2041, a 20-year extension from the original pact. Tariffs on exports of regular vehicles are 2.5 percent. The cap on the number of American vehicles using U.S. safety standards without further modifications that can be shipped to Korea per year will double to 50,000 per manufacturer.

But the increased cap won¡¯t likely hit Korea hard. In a briefing after the signing ceremony, Korean Trade Minister Kim Hyung-chong noted that U.S. automakers have never sold more than 10,000 cars a year in Korea. The maximum number Ford sold was 8,100, followed by GM¡¯s 6,700 and Chrysler¡¯s 4,800. The revised pact will exclude Korea from steel tariffs in exchange for capping its exports to the United States at 70 percent of average exports from 2015 to 2017. Korea will still face aluminum tariffs.

¡°The revised pact did not include further opening up of the agricultural and stockbreeding market, which many industry insiders in Korea had been concerned about, as well as mandatory use of made-in-U.S. auto components by Korean carmakers,¡± said Trade Minister Kim. ¡°Placing a red line on issues sensitive to Korea is something that is worth positive appreciation.¡±

The Korea International Trade association (KITA), a business lobbying group, raised concerns over the still-lingering possibility that the United States will cite Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act to impose unlimited tariffs on Korean automobiles under the pretext of defending national security. Trump has continually threatened to impose a 25 percent tariff on all cars exported to the United States.

As urgent as the issue is, Hyundai Motor Executive Vice Chairman Chung Eui-sun missed the chance to be part of a business delegation that joined President Moon on a trip to North Korea and then flew to the United States on Sept. 16 to meet with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and other business and political leaders to discuss ways to avoid tariffs. If a 25 percent tariff is levied on all Hyundai Motor vehicles shipped to the United States, the largest carmaker in Korea could face up to 3.5 trillion won ($3.1 billion) worth of new tariffs.

¡°The Korean government is hoped to concentrate its capacity on the efforts to fend off the tariff threat,¡± said the KITA.

The initial Korea-U.S. FTA was negotiated in 2007 and went into effect in 2012. The revised pact is set to take effect on Jan. 1 next year. The Korean government is poised to submit a proposal for ratification to the National Assembly early next month. On Wednesday, Korea¡¯s ruling Democratic Party called on opposition parties to promptly start a parliamentary process for ratification. 

The agreement does not require congressional approval to take effect in the United States. 

The United States is Korea¡¯s second-largest export market, with a 12 percent share, after China¡¯s 25 percent.

Gov¡¯t reveals some locations of new apartments to be built 

The government named 17 sites where 35,000 apartment units will be built in the greater Seoul area, one of its attempts to cool off the overheated real estate market. 

This is the first batch of sites the government announced. An additional 13 sites and 265,000 units will be announced later, including four to five ¡°new cities¡± to be built next to the first generation of new cities such as Ilsan and Bundang in Gyeonggi. 

The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport on Friday said it plans to supply 10,000 apartment units in Seoul on 11 sites. However only two areas in Seoul were disclosed as it is still working with the Seoul city government. The ministry said the Seoul government will announce the nine remaining sites. 

The ones that were disclosed were Songpa District, southeastern Seoul, where the relocated Seongdong Detention Center used to stand, and Gaepo-dong, Gangnam District, southern Seoul. The two sites that were named are located on the edge of the nation¡¯s capital, contrary to previous speculation that they would be located in the center of the city. 

The Songpa District will supply 1,300 units on a 52,000 square meter (560,000 square feet) area while Gaepo-dong will supply 340 units on a 13,000 square meter area. 

The other nine sites will be supplying 8,642 units on a combined area of 348,000 square meters of land.

Five cities in neighboring Gyeonggi Province were also designated for a total of 17,160 units on land of more than 1.9 million square meters in total. 

The cities that have been chosen are Gwangmyeong, on the southwestern edge bordering Seoul; Euiwang, on the southern border of Seoul; Seongnam, on the southeastern boarder; Siheung, further south of Gwangmyeong; and Uijeongbu, on the northern border. 

One of the common traits of the plots is that they are close to transportation infrastructure from subways to highways and high-speed rail. 

In the case of the Songpa site, it is only 200 meters (656 feet) or a 2-minute walk from the Ogeum subway station, which is on lines No.3 and No.5, while the Gaepo-dong site is 1 kilometer away from the No. 3 line¡¯s Maebong station. The Gwangmyeong site in Gyeonggi is only 2.5 kilometers away from the Gyeongin Expressway and 2 kilometers away from the Westcoast Highway. The site in Seongnam City, Gyeonggi, is 3 kilometers away from the Suseo high-speed rail station. 

When announcing tougher real estate regulations last week that included limits on mortgages and heavier taxes on owners of multiple apartments, the ministry promised to announce sites that will hold 300,000 units. 

¡°Due to the time constraints, we weren¡¯t able to disclose more sites [where the apartments will be newly supplied],¡± Land Minister Kim Hyun-mee said on Friday. 

¡°We plan on announcing a second batch of new sites by the end of the year by speeding up the process with the local government,¡± she continued, ¡°and within the first half of next year announce all the sites for the 300,000 units.¡±

OECD growth outlook dips to 2.7% 

The OECD on Thursday lowered this year¡¯s economic growth outlook for Korea by 0.3 percentage points from its May forecast to 2.7 percent. It also lowered Korea¡¯s outlook for next year to 2.8 percent, down 0.2 percentage points.

The revision was announced as global trade has become more uncertain with intensifying trade conflict between the United States and China.

U.S. President Trump imposed a 10-percent tariff on $200 billion worth of Chinese imported goods earlier this week that will go into effect on Sept. 24, with China responding with tariffs on $60 billion worth of U.S. goods that will be imposed on the same day. 

The OECD, citing the intensifying trade conflict between the world¡¯s two largest economies, has lowered the global growth from 3.8 percent to 3.7 percent. 

However, the OECD said it expects Korea¡¯s household income and consumption to improve due to government spending expected next year. 

The government has raised next year¡¯s budget to an all-time record of 429 trillion won ($382.3 billion).

Poor households receive record subsidies 

Korea¡¯s tax agency said that assistance given to low-income households this year, including childcare subsidies, reached an all-time record of 1.75 trillion won ($1.56 billion).

According to the National Tax Service on Thursday, 1.7 million households, which is 130,000 more than a year ago, received the earned income tax credit this year, while 900,000 families, 130,000 fewer than last year, received the government¡¯s childcare subsidy. An estimated 390,000 households received both subsidies.

When the families that received both the earned income tax credit and the childcare subsidy are excluded from the count, the number of households receiving subsidies is 2.21 million, which is 2.8 percent more than the 2.15 million that received them a year ago. Last year, these households received a total of 1.68 trillion won in subsidies.

Korea was the first country in Asia to introduce an earned income tax credit in 2009. It is aimed at helping those who work but still struggle to get by due to their low incomes.

The number of people receiving the earned income tax credit has grown compared to the previous year largely due to the easing of the requirements for the credit. 

Until last year, singles applying for the tax credit had to be older than 40 years old, while starting this year that age has changed to 30. 

Singles older than 30 qualify for the earned income tax credit if they have an annual income of less than 13 million won. For families with one breadwinner, they must make less than 21 million won a year to qualify. For dual-income families, their total income has to be less than 25 million won. There are no age limits on the credit for families. 

The government gives a maximum of 850,000 won a year to singles, 2 million won for single-income households and 2.5 million won for dual-income families. 

The number of families receiving childcare subsidies fell due to Korea¡¯s shrinking birthrate. According to the NTS, the number of households raising children fell from 5.57 million last year to 5.43 million this year.

The government gives a maximum of 500,000 won a year per child in subsidies. A family¡¯s annual income must less than 40 million won a year to qualify. 

The person receiving the earned income tax credit must have a net worth of less than 140 million won, while for the child care subsidy it needs to be less than 200 million won. This includes real estate and other assets, such as cars and financial investments.

¡°We have enhanced the application convenience so that those eligible for the subsidies can easily apply,¡± said Park Suk-hyun, head of the earned income tax bureau at the NTS.

Economists imagine a connected peninsula 

Economists from South Korea and the United States are optimistic about business opportunities as the latest summit between the two Koreas kicks off in Pyongyang.

The Korea International Trade Association (KITA), a local lobbying group, and the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), a U.S. think tank, jointly hosted a conference on Tuesday dubbed ¡°Reconnect Asia¡± in Gwanghwamun, central Seoul, to discuss the possible impact of inter-Korean business on Asia. 

¡°Connecting railways and roads between South and North Korea is one of the major items to be discussed at the summit meeting,¡± said Kim Young-joo, Chairman of KITA during his opening remarks at the conference. ¡°The connection will be a starting point for a physical connection with Asia and help Korean companies expand their presence in the Eurasian markets.¡± 

Na Hee-seung, president of the Korea Railroad Research Institute, added that a Trans-Korea Railway would be a new growth engine for the Korean Peninsula. 

Representatives from Korea¡¯s major logistics companies CJ Logistics and Hyundai Glovis also anticipate positive business opportunities from a transport network that connects the Korean peninsula with China and Europe once railways are connected between the two Koreas. 

A so-called northern transport network, a hypothetical route that connects the Trans-Korea Railway with tracks across China, Mongolia and Siberia, is expected to enable goods from Korea to be delivered directly to Europe by land, reducing logistics time and costs.

However, economic sanctions on the North are still in place and likely will remain until denuclearization. A researcher from CSIS said it will be hard to pursue inter-Korean businesses unless the North announces full denuclearization. 

Na said the Koreas should find ways to cooperate step by step as denuclearization and the lifting of sanctions are likely to happen slowly.

Trump¡¯s tariffs rattle Korea a bit 

Korea¡¯s markets were spooked Tuesday after U.S. President Donald Trump ordered a 10-percent tariff to be levied on $200 billion worth of Chinese imported goods as of Sept. 24, intensifying a trade war between the countries that could affect the export-dependent Korean economy and the entire global trade system. 

The won depreciated against the U.S. dollar early Tuesday in response to the White House action. 

The benchmark Kospi started trading Tuesday more than 0.6 percent, or 14.79 points, down from Monday¡¯s close. 

But the market started to recover after noon, and ended up closing 0.26 percent or 5.97 points higher than the previous day at 2,308.98. 

The won weakened as much as 1,130.20 won against the dollar, which was 3.70 won more than the previous day. But like the Kospi, pressure eased and the won closed 0.24 percent lower or 2.70 won less than the previous day¡¯s close at 1,123,80 won against the greenback. 

Instability in the financial markets started after the White House released a statement on Monday about the additional tariffs on Chinese goods. 

¡°Today, following seven weeks of public notice, hearings and extensive opportunities for comment, I [Donald Trump] directed the United States Trade Representative to proceed with placing additional tariffs on roughly $200 billion of imports from China,¡± Trump said in the statement. Those new 10-pecent tariffs will be raised to 25 percent at the beginning of next year.

Trump added that the U.S. will immediately impose tariffs on an additional $267 billion worth of imported goods if China takes retaliatory actions. 

China has warned it will impose tariffs of between 5 and 25 percent on $60 billion worth of American imports if the U.S. went forward with the tariffs on $200 billion worth of its exports.

The Chinese Commerce Ministry did not release an immediate response. 

The Trump administration already imposed 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese imports.

The first move was made in July on imports worth $34 billion and the tariffs were extended to $16 billion more Chinese imports in August. 

Last year China exported $505 billion worth of goods to the U.S. 

On the flip side, China imports only $130 billion worth of American goods each year. 

Korean think tanks have estimated that the first two rounds of tariffs on $50 billion worth of imports - and China¡¯s counter-tariffs - would not have a major impact on the Korean economy. 

The Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade estimated that Korea could see a shrinkage of $330 million worth of goods exported to China and the U.S. 

The Institute for International Trade, which is under the Korea International Trade Association, estimated that Korea¡¯s GDP could dip 0.018 percent or $236.5 million. 

In fact, Korea¡¯s exports to the U.S. grew 1.5 percent in August. Exports to China has surged 20.8 percent, but largely because of a base effect: last August, China was retaliating against Korea¡¯s deployment of a U.S. anti-missile shield, and exports were affected. 

But the escalation of the trade war brings the threat to Korea closer. 

¡±A 25% tariff rate on $200 billion of Chinese products would also cause significant collateral damage to other Asian economies that are part of the East Asian manufacturing supply chain, since around one-third of the value added in Chinese exports consists of imported foreign raw materials and intermediate goods, much of which is sourced from East Asian economies,¡± said Rajiv Biswas, Asia Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit. 

Business groups fight change to wage system 

Local business groups and trade organizations came together on Tuesday to submit a formal protest against the government¡¯s new proposed method of calculating minimum wage, claiming it will force businesses to pay workers more than they deserve.

The collective action came after the Ministry of Employment and Labor announced on Aug. 10 that it was planning to revise the Enforcement Decree of the Minimum Wage Act so that hourly income is calculated by dividing the amount earned in a week by the number of hours worked plus the number of holiday hours.

Under current labor legislation, employees are guaranteed one day off a week, which technically counts as eight hours of holiday. Including the eight extra hours in the wage calculation effectively means that final figure comes out much lower. Employees who have worked 40 hours in a week will effectively have to be paid the minimum wage for 48 hours.

With the revision, a person who receives 10,000 won ($8.90) per hour in a 40-hour week would be regarded as receiving less than minimum wage from next year, even though the minimum hourly wage for 2019 has been set for 8,350 won.

This is because if the employee receives 400,000 won a month, the hourly rate after dividing the pay into 48 will only come down to 8,333 won. The employer would have to pay at least 400,800 won a week, or 10,020 won per hour, to comply with the new rules.

The lobbying groups called the proposed changes unreasonable and demanded the government keep existing regulations. 

¡°Employees don¡¯t offer any form of labor during holidays,¡± the trade associations said in their report. ¡°It is only logical that the weekly holiday hours are not considered in minimum wage calculations.¡± 

¡°We believe that the least the government can do to relieve the financial burden of small business owners is maintain the enforcement decree as it is,¡± the group added. ¡°We believe that these changes in calculations are a matter to be debated in the National Assembly. We ask the government¡¯s active support for businesses in light of the economic challenges.¡±

The collective action included the Korea Employers Federation, Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Korea International Trade Association and the Korea Federation of SMEs, among others.

The protest follows an earlier complaint on Sunday by the Korea Economic Research Institute which also called for the government to keep the existing legislation.

Exports rise 8.7% over 2018 thanks to chips, oil products 

Korea¡¯s outbound shipments reached $52.1 billion last month, rising 8.7 percent from a year earlier, driven by robust exports of chips and petrochemical goods, customs data showed Monday.

The country¡¯s imports also jumped 9.4 percent on-year to $44.3 billion last month, resulting in a trade surplus of $6.9 billion. This marks Korea¡¯s 79th consecutive month in the black, according to the data compiled by the Korea Customs Service.

In the first eight months of the year, the nation¡¯s outbound shipments advanced 6.6 percent to $399.8 billion, with its accumulated trade surplus of $45.17 billion, they showed.

In August, exports of semiconductors reached a record $11.8 billion, rising on-year for the 22nd straight month. Exports of petrochemical goods also jumped 45.6 percent to $4.27 billion over the cited period, the data showed. 

Korea¡¯s exports are expected to exceed $600 billion this year helped by robust demand for information and technology products and high oil prices, a state trade promotion agency said earlier. The estimated export figure for 2018 is up 4.5 percent from $574 billion a year earlier, the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency said.

Tycoons scout for business in North that probably is taboo 

Leaders of Korea¡¯s top four conglomerates are flying to Pyongyang with President Moon Jae-in today, prompting many to wonder if any inter-Korean economic cooperation is possible considering all the sanctions on North Korea. 

Seoul had initially planned to invite only the heads of business lobbying groups and public companies but Pyongyang requested chaebol chiefs come to meetings with high-ranking North Korean officials, according to sources within the government.

The top four conglomerates - Samsung, Hyundai Motor, SK and LG - are sending executives on the trip, but they would have to do some very clever juggling between North Korea and Washington to find a way to do any kind of new business. 

¡°It¡¯s very tricky to predict what North Korea will ask from [the Korean chaebol] and how businesses will react as there are so many geopolitical and diplomatic issues entangled,¡± said a researcher at the Korea Development Institute. ¡°Business leaders are likely to take the Pyongyang trip as a chance to understand the North Korean situation and think about what future cooperation will be plausible.¡±

¡°The full implementation of UN Security Council resolutions remains mandatory for all member states,¡± U.S. envoy to the UN Nikki Haley warned late last week.

Except for Hyundai Motor Group, the other three major business groups are sending second- or third-generation leaders from founding families - Samsung Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong, SK Chairman Chey Tae-won and LG Chairman Koo Kwang-mo - on the Pyongyang trip. 

In Samsung¡¯s case, this will be the first time any member of the Lee family visits the North. For the first two inter-Korean summits in the North Korean capital - in 2000 and 2007 - then-Vice Chairman Yun Jong-yong went instead of Chairman Lee Kun-hee. 

The Blue House¡¯s invitation to Lee Jae-yong was unexpected because of his involvement in the bribery and abuse of power that led to the downfall of former president Park Geun-hye. Although he was freed from prison in February after an appeals court halved his bribery sentence to two and a half years and suspended it, his case is still being appealed.

Im Jong-seok, the chief presidential secretary, told reporters at a briefing on Sunday, ¡°The criminal trial of vice chairman will proceed strictly as scheduled. But business is business.¡± 

Samsung remains tight lipped over Lee¡¯s North Korean trip. 

¡°We have nothing to mention,¡± said a Samsung spokesman. ¡°It¡¯s led by the Blue House and we are one of the companies invited.¡±

From 2009, Samsung Electronics allowed Taedonggang TV factory, a North Korean manufacturer on the outskirts of Pyongyang, to assemble TVs as well as smaller home appliances such as mobile phones and audio cassettes from Samsung-made components. Annual production of color TVs was a marginal 20,000 to 30,000 units and they were sold in the South. That cooperation halted in 2010 after the freeze in inter-Korean relations under the Lee Myung-bak administration and after the sinking of the warship Cheonan. 

Potential remains for Samsung launching appliance assembly projects in North Korea, but not immediately.

¡°Selecting North Korea as a production destination requires a flurry of considerations to make,¡± said Lee Seok-ki, a researcher at the state-run Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade. 

¡°But if we only look at the cost side, North Korea has more labor cost effectiveness than any other country on the planet - even Vietnam and China.¡±

He added that the competitiveness of the North Korean labor force has much improved since before 2010. 

Hyundai Motor Group heir apparent and Executive Vice Chairman Chung Eui-sun, meanwhile, departed for the U.S. Sunday evening for meetings with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and other business and political leaders to discuss ways to avoid tariffs on cars imported to the U.S. If a 25 percent tariff is imposed on all cars imported to the U.S., Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors may face up to 3.5 trillion won ($3.1 billion) worth of new tariffs. The Blue House explained Chung¡¯s business trip to the U.S. had been arranged much earlier. 

¡°One of the most imminent challenges for Chung at the moment is to find ways to avoid the huge tariff in the U.S. and coming up with a new plan for the group¡¯s corporate restructuring,¡± said one industry insider who asked not to be named. 

In place of Chung, Vice Chairman Kim Yong-hwan will join the delegation.

Hyundai has the deepest relationship with North Korea among chaebol. 

Chung Ju-yung, the late Hyundai founder and grandfather of Chung Eui-sun, made high profile visits to North Korea twice in 1998. 

In June and October of that year, he had 5-ton trucks carry 10 cows each to donate to Pyongyang. Over 1,000 cows were sent in two rounds. The event was a cornerstone for reconciliation, and led to a rapid thawing of inter-Korean relations. It spurred the launch of tours to Mount Kumgang and the starting of the Kaesong Industrial Complex. 

Incumbent Hyundai Chairman Chung Mong-koo, who has remained low-profile in recent years, visited North Korea during the second inter-Korean summit in 2007. 

SK Chairman Chey Tae-won is the only one of the four top business leaders to be visiting North Korea for a second time. His first trip was 11 years ago. SK might consider cooperation in energy, construction, telecommunications and semiconductors. 

LG Chairman Koo Kwang-mo, who was elevated to his post in June, is following in the footsteps of his late father Koo Bon-moo. Like Samsung, LG Electronics has a history of using a North Korean manufacturer to assemble its TVs between 1996 and 2009. LG might be interested in using North Korean labor or building IT infrastructure in the North as well as exploiting mineral resources.

Aside from the top four business groups, Posco and Hyundai Group have shown a more proactive stance over potential business cooperation with North Korea. 

The former has already launched a task force on inter-Korean business cooperation centered around building infrastructure, reconstructing steel mills and exploiting natural resources in the North.

Hyundai Group Chairwoman Hyun Jeong-eun has been outspoken about resuming Mount Kumgang tours by the end of this year. The group also set up a task force on inter-Korean business in May. 

On top of the tough measure designed to cool down the real estate market announced last week, the government is also cracking down on landlords allegedly evading tax. 

The National Tax Service Sunday said it has tracked down 1,500 people suspected of tax evasion using a system that it developed on income made by renting apartments. 

The agency said the crackdown was conducted ahead of an income tax exemption given to multiple apartment owners that expires next year. 

The government since 2014 has not taxed income made from apartment rents that were less than 20 million won ($17,838) a year. 

The tax agency said it has particularly targeted owners of multiple apartments or very expensive apartments. 

According to the tax agency an alleged wrongdoer, who wasn¡¯t identified, owned many apartments nationwide - 60 units - that were registered under the names of relatives. Despite making large sums of money from monthly rents, the person did not report the rental income to the government.

That individual sold one or more apartments and managed to shrink the capital gains tax by colluding with an interior design company that provided false receipts for extensive repair work.

Such repair work can be deducted from the profit from an apartment sale. The government charged that individual with new income taxes of roughly 700 million won. 

In another case, an individual who owns a trading company either deposited business payments from overseas partners in his personal bank account or falsified the accounting to make it appear as if the payments were spent on expenses. That money was used to buy six high-end apartments. 

The rent paid by their tenants was deposited in bank accounts registered under the names of the individual¡¯s relatives. 

Some even used foreigners to evade tax. 

An owner of 17 high-end housing units known as villas in Korea in the Itaewon neighborhood were rented out to foreigners. Unlike Korean tenants, who report their monthly rent to the government, foreigners do not. The tax agency found the individual made 700 million won from foreign tenants and failed to report it. 

In June 2014, the Park Geun-hye government exempted rental income of less than 20 million won a year in hopes of freeing up a frozen real estate market.

The exemption was supposed to expire in 2016 but was extended until the end of this year. 

The Moon Jae-in government in July announced that it will no longer extend the exemption for rental income of less than 20 million won. However, in hopes of preventing a panic that broke out in early 2014, the government said it will ease the tax burden on those that register their rental incomes. 

The current administration see speculators who own multiple apartments as being responsible for a recent hike of apartment prices. 

Despite the Moon administration¡¯s many attempts to cool off the real estate market, it has had little success and apartment prices in affluent neighborhoods keep going up. 

The announcement by the Seoul metropolitan government earlier this year of large-scale redevelopment projects in Yeouido and Yongsan only added to the overheating. 

After the government put tougher regulations on mortgages, many property owners have registered as housing rental business to have easier access to loans. 

The regulations for borrowing are lighter for such businesses. 

Japanese firms fined for capacitor price fixing 

Korea¡¯s corporate watchdog said Sunday that it decided to slap a total of 36 billion won ($32 million) in fines on nine Japanese companies for allegedly colluding to maintain or raise prices of capacitors, a key electrical component used in smartphones and many other electric devices.

According to the Fair Trade Commission (FTC), Tokin and eight other Japanese firms have colluded to rig prices of capacitors sold in Korea and other nations, between July 2000 and January 2014

They agreed to avoid excessive price cuts and share related information in order to jointly respond to calls for price cuts, according to the FTC.

The watchdog said the cartel activities have affected prices of capacitors worth 737 billion won sold during the cited period to Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and other local electronic companies. 

New target in real estate war: Online collusion 

A day after the government unveiled a series of measures to rein in an overheated real estate market, Kim Dong-yeon, chief economic policymaker, threatened to take even stronger measures if this set doesn¡¯t work.

Kim, minister of finance and economy, said Friday that the government could push ahead with new bills that will punish those who collude to raise apartment prices. Amid soaring apartment prices across the country in the past several months despite the government¡¯s repeated attempt to cool the market off, alleged collusion between prospective home buyers and speculators on the internet has become an issue. 

¡°Spreading rumors about false prices for apartments or colluding over real estate prices are an act of disturbing the market,¡± Kim said in a radio show Friday morning. ¡°If the current measures don¡¯t work, the government may consider legislation of a new bill to deal with it more powerfully.¡±

Real estate traders are known to commonly use community bulletin boards on portals such as Naver and mobile chat rooms such as KakaoTalk. Some apartment complex residents have been actively getting involved in discussions. 

They set a target price for their homes and make false reports to authorities about real estate agencies that offer lower prices than they want. Some groups of homeowners have been pressuring certain real estate agencies by collectively refusing to sell any of their properties through them unless they got higher offers for them.

The Korea Internet Self-governance Organization, a private organization consisting of internet companies that voluntarily monitor wrongdoings over the internet, said it received 21,824 reports of false offers for apartments in August, nearly six times more than the same month last year.

The Land Ministry said the statistic is attributable to speculators¡¯ monkey business.

According to the Thursday measures - the eighth in a series since the Moon Jae-in administration was inaugurated - the government will hike the tax burden on owners of multiple houses and high-priced apartments. The taxable rate of a property, which used to be 80 percent of the government-set value, will also be raised. 

The rate should climb to 100 percent by 2022, more aggressive than a plan released in July to increase the ratio to 90 percent by 2020.

On the same day, Lee Hae-chan, chairman of the ruling Democratic Party, condemned real estate speculation, saying the government should come up with ¡°much stronger measures¡± if the market gets turbulent again.

¡°The biggest problem with Korea is that people have obtained labor-less income through real estate,¡± he said. ¡°It¡¯s a wrong practice that puts a lot of people in trouble.¡±

But reaction from opposition parties was the opposite. Hong Joon-pyo, former chairman of the major opposition Liberty Korea Party, said the Moon administration¡¯s policies aimed at raising funds for welfare spending and North Korea by raising taxes from real estate ¡°isn¡¯t desirable for the future of the country.¡± 

Cooling off measures get flak from all sides 

The government didn¡¯t win over many fans with the policies announced Thursday to cool off Korea¡¯s real estate market. Homeowners criticize them for being too harsh on non-speculators, while analysts argued that the new measures including harsh real estate taxes will help curtail demand, but that will not lower prices in the long run. Greater supply is needed as well.

¡°The new policies will strongly suppress demand by fostering fearful sentiments in potential home buyers,¡± said Ham Young-jin, head of big data at real estate app Jikbang. ¡°They will help to curtail purchases by speculators and multiple home owners.¡± 

The new measures also disqualify anyone who owns more than two apartments in Seoul and Sejong - which are designated as speculative investment areas - from getting a new mortgage. 

¡°The government is trying to rein in housing demand by controlling mortgages,¡± said Lee Nam-su, a senior private banker at Shinhan Bank. 

¡°I expect prices of Seoul homes to stop rising at a fast pace as the government has introduced harsher-than-expected policies,¡± said Park Won-gap, a senior real estate analyst at KB Kookmin Bank. Korean owners of multiple properties or particularly expensive property are angry that the measures are aimed at them. 

¡°I don¡¯t understand why I have to pay such high taxes when I¡¯m not a speculator,¡± said a 40-year-old man who owns just one residence in Songpa District, southern Seoul. ¡°I bought my home on loans 10 years ago. But now, because my apartment price rose above a certain threshold, I have to pay exorbitant taxes on it.¡± 

¡°I¡¯m nearly going mad now as taxes continue to soar and my only source of income is from renting out property and interest on financial assets,¡± said a 71-year-old retiree who owns two properties in Gangnam District, southern Seoul. 

¡°The government should at least make it easier for us to sell our homes, instead of treating multiple property owners like criminals,¡± he added. 

Last August, the government dramatically raised transfer taxes for multiple homeowners, making it more expensive for them to sell property. 

Some analysts predict that the new measures will do little to help housing supply increase, which is a key to stabilizing prices, since multiple homeowners will be hesitant to put property up for sale when they can face up to 62 percent in transfer tax. 

¡°Because there are no policies that would attract multiple home owners or owners of expensive real estate to sell property, it is unlikely many homes will be put up for sale, which means that housing prices will not stabilize,¡± said Kim Gyu-jeong, a senior real estate researcher at NH Investment & Securities. 

¡°People will stop buying and selling homes altogether if there are no homes for sale in the market,¡± said Jung Bo-kyung, a real estate agent in Daechi-dong, one of the most expensive neighborhoods in Gangnam District. 

Analysts argue that the government should come up with policies to increase supply of apartments in the most popular regions like central and southern Seoul, arguing that prices will not stabilize until the supply problem has been addressed. 

¡°There is a limit to stabilizing the real estate market through taxes,¡± said Kwon Dae-joong, a professor of real estate studies at Myongji University. ¡°As long as the supply of homes doesn¡¯t increase in the city centers, home prices will continue moving upward.¡± 

Economy is still recovering due to exports, consumption 

Korea¡¯s economic recovery is being maintained by robust exports and domestic consumption, although capital spending and production are facing adjustments and external uncertainties are on the rise, a government report said Friday.

A weaker job market, rate hikes in the United States and rising oil prices pose downside risks for Asia¡¯s fourth-largest economy, the Finance Ministry said in its monthly economic assessment report.

¡°The economy is maintaining its export and private spending-led recovery, but facility investment and output faced corrections, and uncertainties increased over trade conflict between the United States and China,¡± it added.

The report, called the ¡°Green Book,¡± is based on economic indicators of such key factors as output, exports, consumption and corporate investment, which provide clues as to how the economy has been faring in recent months.

Gov¡¯t cracks whip on speculators 

The government won¡¯t allow new mortgages to anyone who owns more than two apartments in areas it designates speculative investment areas, which includes all of Seoul and Sejong.

Additionally, the maximum comprehensive real estate tax rate will be raised to 3.2 percent, 0.2 percent points higher than the 3 percent applied during the Roh Moo-hyun administration, for people who own more than three apartments or two apartments in speculative investment areas.


It will also raise the taxable amount to 100 percent on the government assessed value by 2022. Currently, only 80 percent of the government assessed value is taxed. The new measure is tougher than the one announced in July, in which the government planned on raising the ratio to 90 percent by 2020. 


These were measures announced by the government Thursday, the latest in a series designed to cool the real estate market, which has shrugged off the earlier measures.

The government said the latest measures, especially raising taxes on property owners, were targeted at speculative investments and people who own multiple apartments.

¡°We have tried our best to protect those who own a single apartment to protect the real demand [by people who purchase apartments not for the purpose of investment but to live in them],¡± said Economy and Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon at the government complex in central Seoul. He appeared with other chief economics-related ministers including Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport Kim Hyun-mee and Financial Services Commission Choi Jong-ku. 

Economy and Finance Minister Kim said the government set three principles in coming up with the measure. 

¡°First is to suppress speculation, second protect real demand and third [to use] customized measures,¡± Kim said. ¡°The strengthening of taxation and financial aspect against multiple home owners is meant to suppress speculation while reducing benefits of rent businesses. That is a customized measure.¡± 

On top of prohibiting new mortgages in designated areas, the government will be applying a tougher loan-to-value ratio for people registered as being landlords of apartments whose government assessed value is less than 900 million won ($802,000). Currently banks could lend 60 to 80 percent of the value of the property. That ratio will be dropped to 40 percent. Additionally, these landlords will be barred from taking out fresh mortgages to buy apartments in the designated areas. 

After the government tightened loan regulations last year, many people have borrowed mortgages after registering as being in the housing rental industry, which had laxer requirements to get loans.

¡°The reason the loan restrictions against multiple home owners have been added in the measure [today] is to prevent people from buying additional apartments other than the ones they plan on living in,¡± said Financial Service Commission Chairman Choi. ¡°We can¡¯t stop people with loads of money from buying apartments, but we are preventing the financial sector from supporting speculative investors.¡± 

Currently, the government has designated 43 areas as speculatively overheated areas, including all of Seoul and Sejong as well as several areas in Gyeonggi and Busan. 

The government has toughened comprehensive taxes as well. 

The government kept the minimum tax rate, but other rates have been raised depending on how expensive the apartment is. 

Currently a 0.5 percent tax rate is applied when the amount the government is taxing the apartment is less than 600 million won. 

The new measure will keep the 0.5 percent rate for apartments which the government is taxing less than 300 million won. 

But for more expensive apartments, the rate has been raised as much as 1.7 percentage points, raising the maximum rate charged on single homeowners to 2.7 percent from the current limit of 2 percent, which was applied for the last 10 years after being changed by the Lee Myung-bak administration.

Apartments that are less than 900 million won in government assessed value or whose market value is estimated at roughly 1.3 billion won are not subject to the comprehensive real estate tax. 

The government also created a new category and will levy a 0.7 percent tax on apartments in which the tax rate applied is between 300 million won and 600 million won. These are apartments whose market values are estimated between 1.8 billion won to 2.3 billion won. 

Multiple homeowners and people who own two apartments in the speculative investment areas will be facing a tax rate between 0.6 percent and 3.2 percent with a 0.9 percent tax rate on the taxed amount between 300 million won and 600 million won. 

The government levies comprehensive real estate taxes on people or families with multiple homes whose combined government assessed value exceeds 600 million won or whose market value exceeds roughly 900 million won. 

With the changes in the comprehensive real estate tax rate, the government expects to collect 420 billion won in additional taxes next year. 

The economy minister tried to ease concerns about any extra tax burden on families owning a single apartment. 

¡°The comprehensive tax burden against those who own a single expensive apartment has been raised,¡± Kim said. ¡°But when compared to those with multiple apartments, it is relatively weaker.¡± 

He cited an example of an apartment whose market value would be 1.8 billion won, and the amount that is subjected to tax is 300 million won.

The apartment owner paid 940,000 won in comprehensive real estate tax this year. 

¡°Under an earlier plan [that would have raised the taxable ratio to 85 percent of the government assessed value], the comprehensive real estate tax would go up to 990,000 won,¡± Kim said. ¡°But under the new plan, the comprehensive real estate tax will be 1.04 million won, which is only 100,000 won more than this year¡¯s.¡±

But Kim stressed that, for people who own more than three apartments or two in areas designated as overheated, the tax burden will increase sharply. 

He said the burden will be double that of this year¡¯s for those who own multiple apartments. He gave an example in which the combined value of multiple apartments is 1.9 billion won, the owner this year paid 1.87 million won. But next year, under the higher tax rate, that person would have to pay 4.15 million won. 

There have been growing concerns from homeowners whose apartment values have risen about being subjected to the comprehensive real estate tax. One of the reason the Lee Myung-bak administration lowered the rate was largely because retirees were slapped with heavy taxes just because they owned an apartment in Gangnam District in southern Seoul. 

According to the real estate information provider Budongsan 114, the number of apartments whose values have risen to 900 million won has grown significantly since the comprehensive real estate tax was first adopted. Currently, there are 29,441 apartment units in Seoul whose government assessed value exceeds 900 million won - five-fold the 165,324 units in 2005. 

Government efforts to increase taxes on owners of multiple apartments were also reflected in another real estate measure. The government has decided to raise a cap on an individual¡¯s property tax going up on a yearly basis from 150 percent to 300 percent. This rule only applies to people who own more than three apartments or two apartments in the overheated areas. It does not apply to owners of a single apartment or two apartments in non-overheated areas.

Economy and Finance Minister Kim expressed confidence the latest regulations will cool off the market. 

¡°The announcement of the measures is not the end but [I think] management going forward is important,¡± Kim said. ¡°We will continue to monitor the situation closely and see if the [measures] are having effects in the field and if there are additional improvements that need to be made.¡± 

The government, however, did not announce on Thursday where it would build 300,000 housing units in Seoul and its surrounding areas, including Gyeonggi. That will be revealed on Sept. 21. 

Prime minister raises issue of interest rates going up 

Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon said Thursday it¡¯s time to consider raising interest rates.

Lee made the remark during a parliamentary interpellation session, saying that unless rates are hiked, it could lead to capital flight and other problems.

¡°I agree that it¡¯s time to think more seriously [about raising interest rates],¡± he said

Korea¡¯s key interest rates fell to a record low of 1.25 percent in June 2016 before they were adjusted up to 1.5 percent last November.

August jobs report is most dismal yet 

New jobs keep disappearing in Korea.

New hires in August totaled only 3,000, even worse than July¡¯s 5,000 - and woefully short of the monthly average of 316,000 in 2017.

Workers in their 30s had trouble finding jobs and people in their 40s saw the biggest job losses for their age bracket in 26 years. 

According to Statistics Korea, in August, the number of people working amounted to slightly less than 27 million. 

The number of unemployed remained above one million for the eighth consecutive month, the first such run since 2000 after massive layoffs caused by the Asian economic crisis. 

The total number of unemployed in August was 1.13 million, 134,000 more than a year ago. That¡¯s a 13 percent jump. The newly lost jobs were mostly workers in their 30s through 50s. 

The jobs that were most affected were those that were heavily influenced by the minimum wage. 

The wholesale and retail sectors, which includes supermarkets, convenience stores and other businesses that pay the minimum wage, saw the number of people hired drop 123,000 compared to a year ago, or 3.2 percent less. 

The second biggest area of job losses came in facilities management and real estate rent-related businesses, which includes apartment security guards and maintenance personnel. This sector saw 117,000 fewer new jobs compared to a year ago or 8.4 percent drop. 

The mighty manufacturing sector, which employs 16.9 percent of all Koreans employed, saw 105,000 jobs disappear. Last month, 127,000 new jobs vanished compared to July 2017. 

The lodging and restaurant sector, which also pays minimum wage, saw its number of job losses nearly double compared to the previous month. In August there were 79,000 fewer jobs, which is more than the 42,000 jobs that vanished in July. 

Workers in their 40s saw 158,000 jobs disappear, the largest number by age group. This is an increase from the 147,000 jobs lost in July and the largest shrinkage since December 1999, when 259,000 jobs were lost in the wake of the global financial meltdown. These are the same workers who were in their 20s when the Asian financial crisis hit in the late 1990s.

¡°These are people who entered the job market [for the first time] during the International Monetary Fund crisis when working conditions were unfavorable,¡± said Bin Hyun-joon, head of the job statistics department at Statistics Korea. ¡°They have been [among all age groups] most heavily affected in every economic crisis.¡± 

Bin said job losses among workers in their 40s are not limited to certain industries. 

¡°When looking at workers in their 40s and 50s, the ratio of those who were only able to finish high school are relatively higher than their younger counterparts,¡± Bin said. Many have been working in temporary jobs, which are more vulnerable to job losses. 

¡°For people in their 40s, there¡¯s a relatively higher chance of losing their jobs when the job market is unfavorable,¡± Bin said. 

Workers in their 30s saw 78,000 jobs vanish in August, down from 91,000 in July. 

For workers in their 50s, 5,000 new jobs were created last month, a sharp drop from 40,000 in July 2017. The only age group that saw an improvement in the job situation was people in their 60s or older, which added 274,000 jobs in August, more than the 251,000 jobs created in July. 

The job market has been spiraling downward since a 52-hour work week was adopted in July on top of hikes in the minimum wage, which was raised more than 16 percent at the beginning of this year. 

After seeing 334,000 jobs added in January, the figure dropped to around 100,000 a month from February to July. The situation took a sharp downward turn in July. 

The disappointing jobs report forced the government to lower its target of new jobs for the end of this year in July from 320,000 to 180,000 - which may not be met. 

The Blue House said the disappointing job report reflected an inevitable process the country is going through in overhauling its economic structure. 

¡°It¡¯s a point that comes with the changing of our economic structure,¡± said Kim Eui-kyeom, the Blue House spokesman, on Wednesday. ¡°We¡¯re going through a difficult time.¡± 

After last month¡¯s report, the government remained optimistic.

President Moon Jae-in, on Aug. 25, said his income-led growth policy is the right path.

¡°Overall the quantity and quality of jobs have improved, including the number of people employed, the employment rate, the increase in salaried employees and the increase of small businesses with employees,¡± Moon said. 

On the following day, in a meeting with the press, the Blue House policy director, Jang Ha-sung, doubled down the income led growth policy. 

The Blue House has repeatedly blamed Korea¡¯s rapidly aging society and its low birth rate for the shrinking new jobs, denying claims that its economic policy - particularly the sharp hikes in the minimum wage - are causing the problems. 

Jang said considering Korea¡¯s demographic changes, 100,000 to 150,000 new jobs should be normal per month. 

¡°In 2016 and until early last year, 200,000 to 300,000 new jobs were considered normal, but in the last two years, the working age population has shrunk by 200,000,¡± Jang said during a meeting with lawmakers on Aug. 22. ¡°As such, it would be difficult to expect 200,000 to 300,000 new jobs monthly as it was in the past.¡± 

The Korea Development Bank, a state-owned think tank, rebuked that assertion. In a report released Tuesday, the KDI claimed that it was difficult to explain the significant drop in new hires in July on population changes and the current economic situation.

¡°The job statistics can¡¯t be explained with the current economic situation,¡± said Kim Hyeon-wook, macroeconomic analysis and forecasting office director at the KDI. ¡°It seems the minimum wage and the 52-hour workweek are having a negative influence and acting as a burden on the job market.¡± 

Economy and Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon, during an economic meeting with other ministers on Wednesday, once again said the government will work with the Blue House and the ruling Democratic Party to slow the minimum wage hike. 

Income inequality stats continue to get worse 

The steep hike in the minimum wage dealt a harsh blow to small businesses, aggravating income polarization among businesses big and small, an analysis by a lawmaker with opposition Liberty Korea Party showed Tuesday.

Rep. Choo Kyung-ho used data on household incomes from Statistics Korea to look at incomes of households of two people or more led by business owners.

The analysis showed that the average monthly income of such households in the first half of the year grew by 11 percent, or 410,983 won ($364), year on year. But households in the top 20 percent income bracket earned 55.9 percent more than a year earlier. Households in the bottom 20 percent income bracket earned 440,000 won less, although Rep. Choo did not disclose a percentage decrease. Households in the second-lowest income bracket saw their income shrink 130,000 won. 

Hostel and motel owners and restaurant operators were hit hardest. Businesspeople in those industries in the top income bracket saw their monthly income grow 71 percent on year in the first half. But all the rest - those in the bottom four income brackets - saw their income shrink. The bottom 20 percent, in particular, earned 1.8 million won per month in the first half of last year, which nose-dived to 670,000 won a year later, a 62.8 percent fall.

The data used in the analysis was confined to business owners or operators meeting two conditions: They have at least one employee and no other family member makes money from the business in question. When calculating the income of each household, the lawmaker excluded earnings from labor, property, transfers and non-recurring income - in other words, from outside the business itself. 

¡°The smaller and more labor-intensive the business was, the more immense the impact of the minimum wage increase was,¡± said Rep. Choo. 

Meanwhile, the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) stirred controversy after it was belatedly found to have distributed a press release about the negative impact of the minimum wage hike and later released a revised version that deleted a part. The press release was entitled ¡°Status quo of loans to private business operators in the first half of 2018,¡± and was published Monday morning. 

The release deals with the fact that users of a special loan product called ¡°loan 119 for private business operators,¡± in which 15 commercial banks extend the maturity of loans or lower interest rates for businesses stricken with financial hardship, had increased. The number of new such loans totaled 5,798 in the first half, up 40 percent year on year, and the total amount of new loans also soared 44 percent over the same period to 480.1 billion won. 

Reporters are interested in those statistics given the plight of small businesses affected by the 16.4 percent minimum wage increase this year. The financial watchdog attributed the banks¡¯ issuing of the loans to the negative effect of the minimum wage hike.

The financial watchdog re-issued a revised press release at around 6 p.m. on the same day. It did not mention the effect of the minimum wage hike.

¡°The minimum wage hike is the core of the government¡¯s income-led growth policy, which is being pushed hard despite a range of controversies,¡± an FSS official said on the condition of anonymity. 

Tax collections up 12.7% in first seven months 

The government¡¯s tax collections as of July were up 12.7 percent from a year ago largely thanks to strong performances by Korean companies and a booming real estate market. 

According to the Ministry of Economy and Finance on Tuesday, in the first seven months of this year, the government collected 190.2 trillion won ($168.8 billion), 21.5 trillion won more than in the same period in 2017. That is 70.9 percent of this year¡¯s target of 268 trillion won. In the first seven months of last year, it reached 67.2 percent of its target. 

In those first seven months, a total of 42.5 trillion won in corporate tax was collected, 7.7 trillion won, or 22 percent, more than a year ago thanks to healthy corporate profits, particularly at IT companies such as Samsung Electronics. Semiconductor sales have been particularly strong and analysts expect the company to report a record quarterly operating profit in the third quarter. A market consensus says Samsung will have revenues of 65 trillion won in the third quarter and an operating profit of 17 trillion won. 

The corporate tax collected is 67.4 percent of this year¡¯s target. 

During the same period, the government collected 51.5 trillion won in income taxes, 6.9 trillion won, or 15.4 percent, more than a year ago. It is believed that income taxes were buoyed by a robust real estate market. Income taxes have already reached 70.6 percent of the yearly target. 

Value-added taxes grew 5.4 percent, or 2.7 trillion won, more than a year ago to 52.6 trillion won, 78.2 percent of this year¡¯s target. 

In July alone, the government collected 33 trillion won in taxes, which was 2.2 trillion won, or 7.1 percent, larger than a year ago. 

The swelling coffers have given the government the confidence to propose a massive budget for next year. 

At the end of August, the government proposed a 470.5 trillion won budget for next year, a 9.7 percent, or 41.7 trillion won, increase from this year¡¯s budget. That is the sharpest increase in nearly 10 years. The budget includes heavy spending on jobs, welfare and health. 

However, there are growing doubts about tax collections continuing to rise due to an unfavorable job market, demographic changes and a global trade war that could affect Korea¡¯s exports. 

¡°[The ministry] is closely monitoring risk factors, including the recent jobs situation as well as other external factors such as the trade conflict between the United States and China, while planning to maintain our fiscal plan of actively contributing to policies that would improve jobs, innovative growth and macroeconomic vitalization,¡± the ministry said in a statement.

Gov¡¯t assigns 619 billion won for jobs in bio, health, more 

The government plans to create 100,000 jobs in the bio, health, software and intellectual property industries by 2022 and plans to allocate 618.7 billion won ($548.6 million) of the state budget to achieve its goals.

It hopes to create 500,000 jobs within the next four years when including other high-tech fields such as energy, future cars, semiconductors and displays. 

The plan was announced during a meeting of the Presidential Committee on Job Creation in Seoul on Tuesday.

The Ministry of Health and Welfare¡¯s report proposed creating 900 start-ups in the next four years in the bio and health industry. This would be 200 more than the 700 bio health start-ups created under the previous Park Geun-hye administration. 

It will also finance programs for 10,000 students in the bio and health fields while supporting next-generation technologies, including big data analysis, precision treatment, such as customized cancer cures, and regeneration technologies by lifting regulations and expanding investments in research and development. 

The government will support the global expansion of Korean medical equipment and diversify the export markets for cosmetics companies riding the popularity of Hallyu, or the Korean wave of pop culture.

If it all goes as planned, the government estimates that roughly 186,000 jobs will be created in the bio and health industries. 

¡°The bio and health industries, such as pharmaceuticals, medical equipment and cosmetics have been seeing continuous growth in the global market, as interest in Korea¡¯s aging population and health has been expanding,¡± the ministry said in a statement. ¡°A new market has been created thanks to the application of the latest technologies, including artificial intelligence and gene information.¡± 

The ministry estimates that, in 2015, the medicine industry was worth 1,206 trillion won, cosmetics were worth 477 trillion won and the medical equipment market was worth 368 trillion won. This outweighed the global automotive market at 600 trillion won and semiconductors at 400 trillion won. 

Jobs in the local bio and health industries grew by 5.6 percent from 113,000 in 2013 to 144,000 in 2017. The Ministry of Science and ICT plans on fostering 40,000 experts in the software industry, improving the environment for new software start-ups. 

This includes a plan to expand the number of universities that will focus on software training from 25 in the first half of this year to 35 in 2019. It expects this will help educate 20,000 new software experts. It plans to announce the first five additional universities next month. 

The government estimated that roughly 24,000 jobs will be created in the software industry by 2022. 

The Korea Intellectual Property Office plans to work with schools and companies to provide education on intellectual property and help students licensed as intellectual property experts get hired at companies. It plans to create 6,200 jobs in the sector. It also plans to provide 2,100 jobs for high school graduates who graduate from schools that specialize in product development and inventing while also connecting them with opportunities in the private sector. 

Agriculture minister hopes for joint projects 

Korea¡¯s agriculture minister on Monday expressed hope for joint projects with North Korea once an inter-Korean summit paves the way for cross-border economic cooperation.

Lee Gae-ho, who took charge of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs last month, said his office will explore ways of cooperating with Pyongyang once the leaders of the two Koreas reach an agreement on peace initiatives during their meeting in Pyongyang next week.

While the upcoming summit will mostly focus on the North¡¯s denuclearization, Lee said cooperation on agriculture and food could be part of the agenda if they move onto the next step.

Forestry officials met in the border village of Panmunjom in July for a working-level discussion on collaborating on forestry and environmental matters.

¡°I heard that North Korea has much interest in cooperation in the agricultural field. We are internally reviewing ways of how to do so,¡± Lee said in a meeting with reporters. ¡°However, the framework for inter-Korean exchanges should keep pace with the international sanctions [on North Korea].¡±

North Korea has been suffering from chronic food shortages, a situation worsened by international sanctions imposed due to Pyongyang¡¯s nuclear and weapons tests.

Last month, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies warned of a risk of a ¡°full-blown food security crisis¡± in the isolated country, where a famine in the mid-1990s killed up to three million people.

Korea sent rice shipments to North Korea under the liberal presidencies of Roh Moo-hyun and Kim Dae-jung as part of cross-border projects, but the food aid ended in 2010 under the conservative Lee Myung-bak administration.

Companies gloomy about economy¡¯s direction 

The majority of Korean companies believe the country is entering an economic recession, a recent survey by a business lobbying group showed.

A poll released on Sunday by the Korea Employers Federation of 527 companies with at least five employees found that 94.3 percent agreed that the economy is slowing down. Only 4.1 percent said they didn¡¯t know and just 1.6 percent disagreed with the idea. 

The survey was conducted ahead of the Chuseok harvest holiday, which falls during the last week of this month, to see whether companies plan to give their employees incentives for the holiday.

The percentage of companies with 300 or more workers that agreed that the Korean economy was getting into a recession was lower than those with fewer employees. Of the bigger companies, 88.9 percent said the Korean economy is souring, while 95.8 percent of small companies said the same, indicating that smaller businesses are faring worse. 

In regards to the situation ahead of Chuseok, a typical time in Korea to gauge the economic atmosphere, 43.1 percent of poll respondents said the situation was ¡°aggravated,¡± followed by those who said it was ¡°similar to last year¡± at 35.7 percent. Nearly 18 percent said that conditions had ¡°worsened severely.¡± Only 3.3 percent said that the situation was better than a year ago.

The percentage of companies with plans to give out bonuses for Chuseok shrank 1.9 percentage points from a year earlier to 70.2 percent. Bigger companies are scaling back bonuses the most, as the portion of these companies giving bonuses dropped by 4.1 percentage points to 73.2 percent. 

Per-capita bonus income increased compared to a year before, however. It rose 3.1 percent to 1,056,000 won ($940). The federation said that the cause was the rise in base salary at many businesses due to the minimum wage hike this year. Base salaries serve as the basis for bonus calculation.

The survey also found the average Chuseok holiday period for this year is 4.7 days, down 3.5 days from last year. Businesses with 300 or more employees will have an average of 4.9 days off, down 4.8 days year on year. Smaller companies have an average of 4.7 days off, down 3.1 from last year. Korea had an unprecedentedly lengthy Chuseok holiday last year, at an average of 8.2 days, which was dubbed a ¡°golden holiday.¡±

Korea Post head talks mail¡¯s future in Ethiopia 

The Korea Post joined postal services from around the world in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, from Sept. 5 to 7 to discuss ways to keep up the global trend of reduced mail volume and increasing online commerce. 

The Korea Post, under the Ministry of Science and ICT, said on Sunday that it participated in the general meeting of the Universal Postal Union under the United Nations. The union has 192 members.

Some 1,500 government ministers and other senior decision-makers from the world¡¯s postal authorities discussed postal services in an era of rapid technological change. 

They unanimously agreed to simplify election procedures, improve regional representation and reduce the contributions provided by Small Island Developing States (SIDS), which are some of the most disadvantaged of all UPU member states.

The representatives specifically agreed to change the traditional practice of dealing with mail and parcels in a different category. When it comes to parcels weighing 2 kilograms (4.4 pounds) or less, postal services will handle them in the same manner as mail. 

The members of the union will finalize their proposal by the next general meeting, which is scheduled for 2020.

Kang Sung-joo, the director of Korea Post, said at the closing ceremony that the representatives should help mail to be freely exchanged between the two Koreas, a request Seoul first made 24 years ago. At the 21st UPU Congress, held in Seoul in 1994, South Korea released a resolution that asked member states to approve the suggestion, but it has been pending thus far.

Korea and Vietnam also used the congress in Ethiopia to step up cooperation to help out small businesses and multicultural families amid rising postal exchanges between the two countries. Kang also held separate bilateral meetings with Japan and India. 

Yearly real estate tax may be hiked to Roh-era rate of 3% 

The government, the Blue House and the ruling party are all looking into raising the comprehensive real estate tax rate back to the level when it was first adopted in 2005 by the Roh Moo-hyun administration. 

The three parties on Thursday agreed to toughening the comprehensive real state tax, which will be one of the measures the government plans to announce next week to cool off the overheated property market. Another measure will be to increase the supply of apartments in the greater Seoul area. 

The maximum rate for the comprehensive real estate tax may be raised from 2 percent to 3 percent. The Lee Myung-bak administration lowered it to 2 percent a decade ago. 

In July, the government raised the maximum rate to 2.5 percent while keeping the lowest rate at 0.5 percent. 

The tax will be even higher for people who own more than three apartments. The government has recently decided to raise their maximum rate to 2.8 percent. If the maximum rate for a single apartment owner is raised to 3 percent, people who own more than three apartments will be hit with a 3.3 percent rate. 

The three parties are also looking into lowering the value at which the tax kicks in from the current 900 million won ($802,200) to 600 million won, which is a reversal of changes made during the Lee administration. Also it is looking into reducing an 80 percent deduction on the capital gains tax when a property owner owns an apartment for more than 10 years. 

¡°We¡¯re discussing [with the government about] raising the tax on people who own more than three apartments or those who own a single, exceptionally expensive apartment,¡± said Kim Chung-woo, a Democratic Party lawmaker on the National Assembly Strategy and Finance Committee. 

As apartment prices in certain areas in Seoul have continued to rise despite the numerous government attempts to cool the market down, many investors have opted to buy a single apartment in expensive neighborhoods instead of owning a number of apartments. 

Under the comprehensive real estate tax regulation, the tax is levied yearly on apartments whose government-assessed value exceeds 900 million won. But the tax also applies to a person who owns two apartments but whose combined assessed value exceeds 600 million won. 

In terms of financing, the government is looking into limiting jeonse, or long-term deposit, loans to people who own a number of apartments or people with high incomes.

It also wants to limit loans to private rental businesses that people are using to buy property.

After the government tightened qualifications for mortgages, many investors have turned to jeonse loans and loans that are borrowed as private rental housing businesses, which have less strict requirements. In the case of the latter, a person can borrow up to 80 percent of an apartment¡¯s value, in contrast to a 30 percent limit for mortgages, on property areas labeled by the government as being rife with speculative buying. 

A common stance on toughening the comprehensive real estate tax by the government, Blue House and the ruling party is a shift from the contrary positions they have held recently. 

Raising the comprehensive real estate tax rate was urged by Lee Hae-chan, recently elected head of the Democratic Party. Lee served as prime minister for the Roh administration, which created the comprehensive real estate tax. 

But Blue House policy adviser Jang Ha-sung has been skeptical of the notion. During an appearance on a radio show on Wednesday, Jang said raising real estate taxes isn¡¯t the ultimate solution. 

¡°There¡¯s clearly a need to levy taxes against real estate speculation,¡± Jang said. 

¡°But the taxes shouldn¡¯t be raised uniformly. We need to find a reasonable level.¡± 

Economy and Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon has been cautious on the issue. During a meeting with reporters in July, Kim said gradual measures should be taken into consideration to prevent a major impact on the market. 

Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon on Thursday raised concerns about the disaccord saying, ¡°The government and ruling party needed to be more cautious on sensitive issues such as housing prices,¡± during a meeting with high-ranking government officials. 

If the changes are adopted next year, the amount of taxes that the government will likely collect, as well as the number of people subjected to the tax, will likely return to the level when it was first applied - or go even higher. 

In July, the government raised the maximum comprehensive real estate tax rate to 2.5 percent and decided to gradually increase the taxable amount of the government-assessed value from the current 80 percent to 90 percent by 2020. 

When the comprehensive real estate was adopted in 2005, the government collected 89.2 billion won from 62,089 owners of pricey real estate. The following year, the won amount surged 760 percent to 767.2 billion won and the number of property owners taxed increased 420 percent to 327,797. That was because the government changed the way it taxed. 

In 2005, the government levied the tax individually. If a husband owned an apartment valued over 600 million won while his wife owned an apartment valued below 600 million won, the government only levied the tax on the husband. 

In the following year, the government changed the regulation to levy the tax on the combined value of real estate owned by a household. 

Those numbers saw sharp drops when the Lee administration raised the amount at which the tax kicked in from 600 million won to 900 million won and lowered the rate to 2 percent. It even offered discounts to senior citizens. 

According to real estate information provider Budongsan 114, since 2005, the number of apartments whose value exceeds 600 million won and 900 million won have grown significantly. 

As of the first half of this year, apartments whose government-assessed value exceed 600 million won amounted to 320,460 units, quadruple the 66,841 figure in 2005. 

The number of apartments valued at more than 900 million won has increased more than five-fold from 29,441 in 2005 to 165,324 units. 

Gov¡¯t to support hydrogen energy 

The Korean government will support the technological development of hydrogen energy, according to the country¡¯s top economic policymaker.

In a meeting with local companies at Elchemtech¡¯s headquarters in Gangseo District, southwestern Seoul, on Friday, Kim Dong-yeon, the finance minister and deputy prime minister for the economy, said the government will take the lead and provide the necessary support for companies to develop technology in the field, including the production, storage and transportation of hydrogen.

Elchemtech is a medium-sized chemical company that focuses on disinfectants and hydrogen energy.

Kim said in the meeting that the Korean economy is at a juncture where it needs a structural change, moving away from relying heavily on a handful of industries such as semiconductors. He added that industries that once led the growth of the economy such as steel, shipbuilding and automobile are losing ground in the global market.

¡°The survival of our economy depends on innovative growth,¡± Kim said, adding that realizing the ¡°hydrogen economy¡± would enable the country to move forward.

The hydrogen economy refers to an economic system where hydrogen is the main source of energy. The Korean government has been trying to promote hydrogen energy as an alternative source of energy to fossil fuel and coal.

This is the ninth time that Kim has met with private companies since taking office. Kim has previously held meetings with firms such as LG, SK and Samsung. 

The companies at the meeting emphasized the importance of infrastructure, such as hydrogen energy stations, when hydrogen becomes a major energy source in the future.

At the moment, there are only two hydrogen energy stations in Seoul. 

Kim promised to take into account the industry players¡¯ needs when the government passes legislation related to the hydrogen energy.

At the moment, the so-called hydrogen economy act is awaiting approval at the National Assembly. 

The proposal includes the designation of a special industrial zone for hydrogen energy. Kim, however, expressed his concern that the law could send a message that the government is trying to regulate the industry.

¡°When we enact the law, we will listen to the voice of industry players so that we do not create another regulation [that could hamper their business],¡± Kim said. 

Swine fever from Africa found again in Korea 

The Korean government is trying to keep a disease deadly to pigs from being brought in from China.

The Ministry of Agriculture, Land and Rural Affairs said on Wednesday that it found evidence of the African swine fever virus in processed pork products brought into Korea by Chinese tourists through Jeju International Airport in late August.

It was the second time a gene test confirmed the discovery of the virus in an imported pork product in Korea. The first time was last month. 

The Agriculture Ministry said the virus found was the same as in an outbreak in China.

As of Wednesday evening, there were nine confirmed outbreaks of the disease in China, as confirmed by the Korean Agriculture Ministry, the latest one in the city of Jiamusi in eastern Heilongjiang Province on Wednesday. The virus killed 12 pigs on a farm there, according to the Korean Agriculture Ministry. Nearly 40,000 pigs were culled, according to some estimates.

African swine fever is a lethal hemorrhagic disease normally spread by ticks. 

The virus has no effect on humans, but the highly pathogenic strain is deadly for pigs, which means farmers must cull infected pigs when the virus is found on their farms, causing tremendous losses. 

The United Nations called an emergency meeting after the ninth case of the infectious virus was confirmed on Wednesday and has warned that the disease could jump borders to other parts of Asia.

Animal experts said the outbreak in China last month is the first case of the virus being reported in East Asia.

¡°There is no known cure or vaccine for the disease at this moment, and it becomes very difficult to stop its spread once it starts,¡± said an official from the Agriculture Ministry. 

The Korean Agriculture Ministry has been ramping up its quarantine measures at major international airports across the country since the first virus was discovered on Aug. 24 in Chinese food brought in by a Korean. 

¡°The possibility of spreading is low because the products in which the traces of the virus was found are processed foods,¡± said the official from the ministry.

It¡¯s not clear whether the virus in the food products is still alive and capable of infecting animals. 

¡°We need to make sure that the virus has not survived through a culture test [which would take about three to four weeks],¡± the official said. 

Gov¡¯t considers building houses on greenbelt 

The Korean government is mulling the option of developing regions in Seoul designated as greenbelt areas to increase apartment supply in the city.

According to local media reports in Korea, the Ministry of Land, Transport and Infrastructure is looking into securing land in Seoul that could be developed into residential areas. Options on the table for the Land Ministry includes greenbelt areas with relatively less conservation value compared to other areas as well as abandoned land in the city.

Greenbelt zones are protected areas of land where building is not permitted to protect the environment.

Lawmakers and top officials, including ruling Democratic Party Chairman Lee Hae-chan and Blue House policy chief Jang Ha-sung, have said that the government wants to significantly increase the supply of apartments in Seoul. The stance indicates an about-face in the government¡¯s real estate policy. 

As recently as last week, top officials, including Land Minister Kim Hyun-mee, said that the supply of housing in Korea is sufficient. Up until now, government measures focused on tight control over speculation on existing apartments.

Experts think increasing apartment supply rather than imposing one draconian measure after another may be a better option for the government.

¡°Giving a signal to the market that housing supply in Seoul will expand could stabilize market sentiment,¡± said Kwon Dae-jung, a professor of real estate studies at Myongji University. ¡°To resolve the issue of ever-rising housing prices, the government also needs to lift restrictions on reconstruction and redevelopment.¡±

Greenbelt areas in Seoul cover about 149.6 square kilometers (36,967 acres), including a 23.88-square-kilometer zone in Seocho District, southern Seoul. Market analysts think greenbelt areas near Gangnam District, southern Seoul, are the most realistic options for the government, including the ones in Seocho and Songpa Districts. Songpa is home to a 2.64-square-kilometer greenbelt zone. 

The last time the government decided to dig into greenbelt regions to build residential districts was in 2009 during the Lee Myung-bak administration. The government also removed about 3.5 square kilometers during the Roh Moo-hyun administration.

The government of Seoul, however, is taking a cautious stance on overturning the conservation areas for land development and wants to first develop abandoned land in the city.

An official from the Seoul government said the city considers greenbelt areas as the ¡°last bastion¡± that must be protected and kept as a last resort, adding that the city would cooperate closely with the central government if it makes an official request.

While it¡¯s unclear where the government will go next with its attempt to curb the housing market from further gathering steam, apartment prices in the Gangnam region - which refers to the four affluent districts of Gangnam, Seocho, Songpa and Gangdong - continue to rise, an indication that past measures have had little effect in cooling down the market.

According to Budongsan 114, a real-estate information provider, the average price of apartments in Seoul rose by 0.57 percent in the last week of August compared to the previous week. 

As of Aug. 31, the average price per 3.3 square meters (35.5 square feet) in Gangnam District stood at 47.09 million won ($41,865), up more than 10 percent from last year. 

Prices in other districts have risen by more than 10 percent in less than a year. The price per 3.3 square meters for some apartments in the region has reached as high as 100 million won, some local analysts say. 

Agriculture Ministry bans German chickens and eggs 

Korea¡¯s Agriculture Ministry said Wednesday it has placed a ban on poultry and egg imports from Germany following an outbreak of a highly pathogenic avian influenza (AI) in the European country.

The Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs said it began the ban on live German chicks and eggs after H5N6 was detected in the nation¡¯s northern region on Tuesday.

The measure is not likely to affect the local market as South Korea has not imported German chicks and eggs over the past two years, the ministry said.

The ministry recommended that locals refrain from visiting livestock farms and bringing animals from the affected region.

Highly pathogenic AI is very contagious and can make poultry very sick or even cause death.

The last outbreak of AI in Korea was detected in March at three farms in Gyeonggi and South Chungcheong.

Health authorities were able to contain the outbreak by culling chickens at the three farms.

GDP growth falls to 0.6% in Q2 

Korea¡¯s economy saw lower-than-expected growth in the second quarter, stalled by weak investments in construction and plants. 

The Bank of Korea (BOK) said Tuesday that the country¡¯s gross domestic product (GDP) expanded 0.6 percent between April and June compared to the previous quarter. The growth rate in the first quarter was 1 percent. 

Compared to the same quarter in 2017, the economy grew 2.8 percent, a result that dims prospects for meeting the central bank¡¯s growth forecast of 2.9 percent for the entire year. 

Since the first quarter also saw growth of 2.8 percent compared to a year earlier, Korea will need quarterly growth of at least 0.91 percent for both of the remaining two quarters to fulfill the annual projection. 

The major factor was a steep 5.7 percent decline in plant and equipment investment compared to the first quarter. That negative growth is the worst since the first quarter of 2016. 

Construction investment dropped 2.1 percent due to a slowdown in residential construction and civil engineering projects. 

¡°Construction and plant investment did well last year and the year before, but now the trend has been adjusted,¡± said Shin Seung-cheol, a director of the BOK¡¯s national accounts division. 

¡°There has been a reduction in investment for the building of semiconductor and LCD panel production lines,¡± Shin said, ¡°The reason for the cut is that existing lines can cover [demand] and growing imports of LCDs from China.¡±

Consumption in the private sector also remained stagnant, rising only 0.3 percent compared to the previous quarter. 

Prospects for consumption in the future are far from sanguine with consumer sentiment in August hitting a 17-month low.

Government spending edged up 0.3 percent quarter on quarter, the lowest growth since the first quarter of 2015. 

The BOK expected extra government spending to bolster that figure in the coming months. 

While the Bank of Korea said that the country is still on the right track for steady growth, analysts believe it will lower its projection for 2018 growth in October. 

Gov. Lee Ju-yeol also underscored ¡°increased uncertainties¡± at home and abroad last week when he announced August¡¯s interest rate decision. The BOK held its key rate steady at 1.5 percent. 

Adding to the worries, the gross national income (GNI), an index for the total income of the country¡¯s residents and businesses, went down 1 percent on quarter. 

The BOK official cited unfavorable trade conditions as the main factor. 

¡°The value of imports went up, and it is primarily because of higher oil and natural gas prices,¡± he said. 

Still, the central bank maintained its projection that Korea¡¯s GNI per capita will reach $30,000 by the end of this year. 

¡°I am sure that the GNI figure will come to the $30,000 level, unless the currency rate suddenly surges,¡± the director noted. 

The $30,000 mark has long been regarded by Korean officials as the threshold to enter the ranks of truly developed economies.

The BOK said the GNI per capita stood at $29,745 in 2017 based on a preliminary estimate, up 7.5 percent from 2016, the highest increase in six years. 

Gov¡¯t plan to cut waste would ban plastic cups 

The Ministry of Environment and 10 other ministries on Tuesday proposed a series of measures, including a ban on disposable cups and straws, aimed at reducing Korea¡¯s waste by 20 percent by 2027.

According to a 10-year plan on sustainable waste and resource management that the 11 ministries submitted to a cabinet meeting on Tuesday, the measures will cut Korea¡¯s waste from the current 95.5 tons per 1 billion won ($894,800) of gross domestic product to as little as 76.4 tons.

The submission follows the introduction of the Framework Act on Resource Circulation, a set of laws that promote sustainable development and proper waste disposal, in January. 

Earlier in May, the Environment Ministry announced that it would halve plastic waste by 2030 and increase recycling rates by limiting the manufacture of hard-to-recycle materials, like colored plastic bottles.

Contrary to current government policies centered on recycling existing waste, the new plan aims to reduce waste throughout production, consumption, management and recycling. The government also wants to completely eliminate consumer use of disposable products.

The plan would ban disposable cups and plastic straws by 2027, which will require cafes and other retail stores to gradually replace disposable products with sustainable alternatives. The report also calls for restrictions on excessive packaging.

The government is also pushing to reduce food waste by making it mandatory for all apartment complexes over a certain size to install a Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) waste bin. A RFID waste bin charges individual households for food waste disposal by measuring the amount of waste. The government plans to gradually require standalone houses and restaurants to use the RFID system.

Other plans include requiring waste collection companies to install GPS devices on their vehicles to prevent them from making illegal disposals as well as encouraging public institutions to purchase more eco-friendly products. Some 3,500 companies deemed to generate massive waste will be required to draw up their own mid to long-term plans to minimize their waste and face monitoring. 

To raise recycling rates, the government will build recycling facilities for used electric car batteries and solar panels and require businesses to reuse recycled aggregate concrete from construction waste.

The government has aggressively introduced measures to address environmental sustainability as domestic waste generation continues growing at alarming rates. In 2016, Korea produced a total of 156 million tons in waste, a 30 percent rise over 2006, according to the Environment Ministry.

Starting in July, the government began fining cafes and restaurants that give customers beverages in disposable cups to drink inside the premises.

¡°In light of Korea¡¯s reliance on imports for various resources and the difficulties involved in continuous creation of new waste management facilities, the strategy of sustainable development can resolve both environmental and economic problems,¡± said Shin Sun-kyung, head of the Environment Ministry¡¯s Resources Circulation Bureau. 

Consumer index remains stable as produce prices shoot up 

Consumer prices may have remained stable in Korea in August, but soaring agricultural product prices raise serious concerns with the Chuseok harvest festival just around the corner.

According to Statistics Korea on Tuesday, Korea¡¯s consumer price index gained 1.4 percent in the month of August compared to a year ago, maintaining a stable increase in the one-percent range for the 11th straight month.

Consumer price increases have been kept at or below 1.5 percent so far this year except in April, when average prices rose 1.6 percent year on year. 

While overall consumer prices remained stable, those of agricultural goods soared in August compared to last year, as well as from the previous month.

Data from the statistics agency indicated that the overall price of agricultural goods - including vegetables, seafood and livestock products - rose 3.5 percent year on year and 7.5 percent month on month.

¡°It was the heat wave that led to the increase in vegetable prices, forcing up the overall price of agricultural goods tremendously,¡± said Kim Yun-sung, director at the price statistics division of Statistics Korea, on Tuesday. ¡°Grains and vegetables, as well as seafood prices, led the way.¡±

Along with the heat wave, local farms were battered by the unexpectedly heavy rain that swept the country late August.

The data shows that the price of spinach jumped by 128 percent from July and 22 percent from last year. That of radish rose 57.1 percent month on month and 24.4 percent year on year. 

The prices of vegetables shot up, rising 30 percent from July, the most drastic month-to-month increase since September 2016.

The price of fish went up 6.2 percent compared to the previous year. 

The price of some agricultural goods, however, fell, although the decreases are not as dramatic as the increases witnessed for other products.

For instance, the price of pork tumbled 3.9 percent on year. The value of onions fell 26.8 percent compared to last year.

¡°This is because prices of these agricultural goods last year were so high that they had the effect of bringing down the relative price of goods this year,¡± explained another official from the statistics agency.

The notable spike in the price of agricultural goods was offset by the decrease in the price of electricity in August.

After an unprecedented heat wave forced Koreans to run their air conditioners for longer than they normally would this summer, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy decided to temporarily adjust the pricing system for July and August to stop households from being hit with exceptionally high bills.

The overall utility price, which encompasses the prices of electricity, water and gas, fell 8.9 percent compared to last year as a result, Kim explained. 

Still, prices of agricultural products are likely to further increase as the Chuseok harvest festival is around the corner, putting the burden on the public as they prepare for the holiday.

Although the government recently rolled out measures to try and control rising costs, including releasing emergency supplies of popular vegetables, there is little sign of prices stabilizing.

Chuseok falls at the end of this month.

Korea and U.S. finalize renegotiated FTA 

A revised free trade agreement (FTA) between Korea and the United States will include a protocol that would minimize legal disputes between investors and national governments, according to Korea¡¯s Trade Ministry on Monday.

Korea¡¯s Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy on Monday revealed the result of the renegotiation done by the two countries of the bilateral pact.

For Korea, one of the main issues was how to limit lawsuits lodged against the Korean government by American private investment firms. 

The revised pact would prohibit private investment firms from filing lawsuits against the governments if the cases are already being reviewed elsewhere based on other bilateral or multilateral pacts.

According to the revised agreement, an investor ¡°may not initiate or continue a claim ¡¦ if a claim involving the same measure or measures alleged to constitute a breach under Article 11.16 and arising from the same events or circumstances.¡± 

¡°This is perhaps the most important renegotiation we made [from the Korean government¡¯s perspective],¡± said an official from the Korean Trade Ministry.

Under the free trade pact that went into effect in 2012, U.S. investors have the right to use an international tribunal to resolve investment disputes as Elliott Management, a U.S. activist hedge fund, has done against the Korean government.

As recently as last July, the U.S. hedge fund lodged a suit against the Korean government in an investor-state dispute settlement seeking as much as $770 million in compensation for damages incurred by the Park Geun-hye administration¡¯s alleged intervention in a controversial merger between Samsung C&T and Cheil Industries in 2015.

Elliott Associates, one of the two flagship funds of Elliott Management, once had more than a seven-percent stake in Samsung C&T.

The two countries also agreed that hedge funds, like Elliott, cannot file a lawsuit on the grounds that an action taken by the government has failed to treat the company the same as its ¡°nationals¡± if the action was ¡°on the basis of legitimate public welfare objectives.¡±

The original version of the free trade pact stipulates that foreign investors must be treated the same as the nationals of each country.

¡°Elliott already filed the lawsuit in July so the revised free trade pact will have no effect on the case,¡± said the official from Korea¡¯s Trade Ministry. 

For the United States, a further opening of Korea¡¯s auto market was its main goal.

As announced by Korea¡¯s Trade Ministry in March, the annual number of U.S.-made vehicles that can be sold in Korea without having to meet domestic safety guidelines will be doubled from 25,000 cars per brand under the terms of the FTA to 50,000. 

But American vehicle imports don¡¯t even meet the earlier 25,000 quota. The U.S. government will also extend a 25-percent tariff on Korean pickup truck imports until 2040. It was supposed to end by 2020.

The government will canvass public opinion on the renegotiated pact through Sept. 10, and then it will go for parliamentary approval. 

Korea goes bananas for fruit 

Fruit imports exceeded $1.2 billion last year to reach a record high as consumer tastes have continued to grow outside of Korea¡¯s traditional crops and orchards.

According to data from the Korea Customs Service on Monday, the country imported $1.24 billion won worth of fruit in 2017, up 126.1 percent compared to a decade ago, when just $530 million worth of fruit came into Korea. 

In terms of weight, a total of 834,000 tons of fruit were shipped into Korea last year.

Bananas were the most popular imported fruit, with $370 million worth of bananas from countries such as the Philippines entering the country, about 30 percent of total fruit imports last year. Oranges were the second-most popular imported fruit for Koreans with about $100 million of oranges arriving in Korea. 

Mango imports, although relatively low compared to more popular choices such as bananas and oranges at $50 million, also grew dramatically in the past decade, up 700 percent from 2008. 

¡°Mangoes became a popular choice for food and beverage companies, pushing up imports,¡± explained an official from the customs agency.

But no fruit saw its popularity shoot up as much as avocados.

In 2017, about $30 million worth of avocados were imported to Korea, up 155.7 percent compared to 2016 and 1,458.3 percent compared to 2008. 

The customs agency thinks that Korea¡¯s fruit imports are likely to see yet another record-breaking year.

¡°The steady increase in fruit imports continues this year,¡± said an official from the customs agency. 

From January to July this year, Korea¡¯s fruit imports came to $1 billion, up 7.6 percent compared to the same period last year. Avocado imports this year have already exceeded the shipments from last year at $33 million, thanks to the rising popularity of beverages and desserts made from the green fruit, such as the Avocado Blended from Starbucks.

August exports reach record, pass $50 billion 

Korea exported more than $50 billion of goods in August despite fears of a global trade war, but experts continue to worry about the overreliance on a handful of popular products.

According to data from the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy released over the weekend, Korea Inc. shipped out $51.2 billion worth of goods in August this year, up 8.7 percent compared to the same period last year. 

¡°Factors that contributed to the increase in exports include the improved condition of the global manufacturing sector, expansion of the gross domestic products of major economies and the increases in gas price and the prices of Korea¡¯s main export items,¡± said an official from the Trade Ministry. 

August is the fourth straight month this year that monthly shipments from Korea have exceeded the $50-billion threshold. 

It is also the first time ever that August exports in any year have passed the $50-billion mark, another milestone for the Korean economy. 

¡°We expect the average monthly increase in exports in the second half will be maintained at around 5 percent,¡± said Paik Un-gyu, the minister for trade, industry and energy. ¡°Accordingly, the total amount of exports from this year will surpass $600 billion for the first time in history.¡±

From January to August, outbound shipments from Korea totaled at $399.8 billion, up 6.6 percent from the same period last year and a record high for the period.

Despite the strong numbers, concerns loom large that the economy is unable to break free from depending too heavily on one or two export items, including computer chips.

Data shows that semiconductor exports in August catapulted by 31.5 percent from a year ago to $11.5 billion, beating the historic high it set just two months ago in June at $11.2 billion.

As a result, computer chip shipments are taking a bigger share of the pie each month. In January, semiconductors took up 19.7 percent of total exports. In August that figure had jumped up to 22.5 percent. 

If semiconductor exports are taken out of the picture, Korea¡¯s outbound shipments from January to August have only risen by 0.37 percent. More disconcerting is the slowdown in investment by semiconductor companies. Data from Statistics Korea shows that facilities investment has dipped for five straight months since March this year.

An official from the statistics agency explained that the investment made by major chip companies began slowing as new facilities entered the final phase of construction.

¡°The Korean economy is in an unstable situation where, if semiconductor exports take a hit, it could be in crisis,¡± said Sung Tae-yoon, a professor of economics at Yonsei University. ¡°The economy needs a strategy where it reduces its reliance on semiconductors while also increasing the competitiveness of the industry itself.¡± 

Gov¡¯t considers rolling back landlord tax breaks 

The real estate market was rocked on Friday when Land Minister Kim Hyun-mee told reporters that the government is looking into rolling back the various tax breaks given to registered landlords in its continued bid to cool the overheated housing market.

Kim said the government is currently working with related departments to come up with improvements in the tax benefits given to landlords. 

¡°We believe there are too many tax benefits on registered lease apartments,¡± Kim said. ¡°Whilst there is [a positive] effect in encouraging landlords to report to the government - such as ensuring rent remains stable for more than 8 years - recently there have been those that try to use [the tax benefits] as a tool to purchase new apartments.¡± 

The land minister also said that starting next month the government will be running an information system dedicated to apartment rent. 

The system will gather various data including ownership of apartments, transaction data and tax information. 

¡°Once this system goes online, we will be able to know how many apartments a person owns and how much they are renting the apartments for, regardless of whether they have reported them to the government or not,¡± Kim said. 

She said that landlords that fail to properly register with the government will be audited by the tax agency.

The government has recently been intensifying its crackdown on rising apartment prices; including potentially raising the assessed value and tracking down those that have purchased apartments through illegal means including possible tax evasions. 

However, the tax benefit rollback could face a strong backlash as it has been less than a year since the government began pushing people to register their rental apartments. 

In December, in an effort to make income from rent more transparent and increase the supply of stable rental apartments, the government introduced numerous tax cuts that will go into effect on Jan. 1, 2019.

This includes a maximum 70 percent exemption on capital gains taxes from apartment sales, up from the current 50 percent exemption. 

This special tax cut only applies to those that have rented out their property for eight years or more. Renters will also get a reduction on property taxes when they rent out a unit that is 40 square meters (430 square feet) or smaller. 

The number of people who have been reporting their apartment rental prices has been increasing sharply since the beginning of the year. 

In July alone, 6,914 people have registered lease businesses, a 52.4 percent increase from a year ago, while 210,000 apartments have been reported, up 28.2 percent.

In the first seven months of this year, 80,539 people have reported their rental properties to the government, which is a 164 percent increase from the 30,497 people that registered a year ago. 

Even the total number of people that have registered so far this year exceeds the number of people registered throughout the entirety of 2017 at 57,993. 

Richest earn 1,000 times more than bottom 10% 

The country¡¯s richest people earned nearly 1,000 times more than the lowest income bracket last year, a government report showed on Sunday.

The average earned income of the top 0.1 percent reached 660 million won ($590,000) per person last year, according to the report submitted by the National Tax Service to the National Assembly. 

Their combined annual income of 11.7 trillion won accounted for 2.66 percent of the country¡¯s total earned income of 440 trillion won.

The upper 1 percent earned an average 227 million won per person, with their total earnings of 40.3 trillion won taking up 9.15 percent of overall income.

The total earnings of those in the top 10 percent reached 165.8 trillion won, marking 37.69 percent. Their income per capita was 93 million won.

On the other hand, those in the bottom 10 percent earned an average 690,000 won last year, and their overall income of 1.2 trillion won accounted for 0.28 percent. As a result, the top 0.1 percent earned about 1,000 times more than those in the bottom 10 percent.

The income difference between people in the top 10 percent and the bottom 10 percent was nearly 135 times.

When comparing composite income, which includes earned income, income from rent and financial profit, the gap widens further.

The top 0.1 percent reported 2.59 billion won per person last year, with their combined composite income accounting for 8.63 percent.

But the bottom 10 percent saw their composite income reach 1.93 million won per person, and the percentage was 0.64 percent.

The latest report is in line with second-quarter government statistics showing the wealth gap between the haves and have-nots reaching its highest level in a decade.

The current administration, which champions so-called income-led, or consumption-driven, economic growth, has been rolling out measures to help ease the country¡¯s widening income disparity.

For its 2019 budget, the Moon Jae-in administration proposed 470.5 trillion won in spending, the largest annual increase in a decade, to boost job creation and reduce income inequality.

Gov¡¯t spent 70% of 2018 budget in first 7 months 

Korea has spent about 70 percent of its state budget earmarked for 2018 in the first seven months as it moves to create more jobs, the Finance Ministry said Friday.

Some 195 trillion won ($175 billion) was spent through July, 11.4 trillion won, or 4 percentage points, more than the expected outlay of 184 trillion won, according to the Ministry of Strategy and Finance.

The ministry said earlier that it plans to frontload its budget spending to minimize any fallout from the move to raise the minimum wage and to boost job creation.

The government increased the minimum wage by 16.4 percent to 7,530 won as of Jan. 1 this year, the biggest jump in about two decades. The government earmarked 3 trillion won to reduce the burden on smaller businesses that mostly hire part-time workers.

Earlier, the ministry said it would also increase its budget spending at a faster pace to better cope with a series of chronic problems, such as the low birthrate and low economic participation by women. The ministry said some 25.3 trillion won was spent for the social infrastructure projects in the January-July period, 1.7 percentage points higher than the originally planned.

Some 2.9 trillion won, or 76.7 percent, of the 3.78 trillion-won extra budget was also implemented. The supplementary budget, formed in June, was aimed at boosting job creation.

But despite concerted efforts to bolster employment, recent jobs data has been disappointing, as job creation in July was the lowest recorded since January 2010.

Korea¡¯s manufacturing days coming to a close 

Mr. Kim is closing down his textile factory in the South Chungcheong city of Cheonan. He is one of thousands in the country, and the number is picking up pace.

¡°The business went downhill from two years ago,¡± Kim said. ¡°And now with the hike in the minimum wage, I decided to go for a merger with another factory.¡±

When the JoongAng Ilbo visited Kim¡¯s factory on Aug. 8, an excavator was inside the factory, tearing apart the conveyor belts and metal parts of the production line. 

¡°When this place had enough business, we could feed the families of some 40 employees,¡± Kim said. ¡°Thinking how it all turned out drives me nuts.¡±

Close to Kim¡¯s factory, some five companies are also closing down. And this rusting of Korea¡¯s manufacturing sector goes beyond Cheonan.

The National Tax Service (NTS) said 11,936 companies in the manufacturing sector closed their doors last year. That was a slight drop compared to 2016, when 12,445 companies in the sector shut down, but it was a 31 percent increase compared to 2015, when 9,087 factories folded. In 2014, 9,669 companies shut down.

On the flip side, fewer factories are opening. The NTS said 7,620 factories opened from January to May this year, a 7.4 percent drop compared to the same period last year.

Additionally, many factories that remain open are not running at full capacity due to weak demand for their products. The Korea Industrial Complex Corporation said Thursday that 40 public industrial complexes - factory towns designated and supported by the government to help local economies - are operating at 82.6 percent capacity. Counting all industrial complexes, public and private, Statistics Korea said they were operating at only 73.9 percent capacity in May. 

The statistics come to life in a factory complex in Ulju County, Ulsan. The 338-acre area was originally planned to be home to factories from 75 companies. Only 58 ended up setting up shop, of which most are small and medium-sized companies that manufacture automobile or metal parts for Hyundai Motor Company and Hyundai Heavy Industries, a troubled shipbuilder, according to a local real estate agency.

When the JoongAng Ilbo visited on the afternoon of Aug. 9, the roads inside the complex remained largely empty apart from a cargo truck passing by occasionally. 

¡°Hyundai Heavy Industries has not been able to procure orders for a while, and some five to six affiliated companies went bankrupt,¡± said a real estate agent who asked not to be named.

¡°The heads of some of these manufacturing companies tell me that the sector is not just having a hard time - its time has run out,¡± said another agent.

Some factory owners complained that the Moon Jae-in administration¡¯s minimum wage hike is hastening their ultimate demise. At the beginning of the year, the administration raised the minimum wage to 7,530 won ($6.77) per hour from 6,470 won last year.

An automobile parts manufacturing factory in Changwon, South Gyeongsang, had just two people managing the factory on Aug. 14. They were the owners.

¡°We used to have six people working together when the factory opened 15 years ago,¡± said the 40-year-old factory owner surnamed Kim. ¡°But we let them all go this year after the monthly minimum wage rose from some 2 million won to around 3 million won. How could we keep them when we weren¡¯t making more money than before?¡±

Kim¡¯s factory is located in an industrial complex in Changwon. The complex has 4,698 factories, of which 150 are being run by the owners, like Kim, without any other employees.

Others are leaving the business altogether.

¡°I will never ever try my hand again in the manufacturing sector,¡± said Mr. Gil, a 62-year-old owner of an automobile parts factory in Ulsan, who said he is shutting down his 30-year-old business soon. ¡°With the conglomerates taking over the market and rising labor costs, businesses stuck in the middle like us just can¡¯t survive.¡±

But there is no easy way out for people like Gil, especially if they hope to sell their businesses.

¡°We have some 20 factories for sale in the area,¡± said a real estate agent at an industrial complex in Incheon. ¡°People keep coming to the agency - but to sell, not to buy.¡±

Some 100 factories are on the market in an industrial complex in Ansan, Gyeonggi, according to a local real estate agency.

¡°The number of factories on sale has been increasing from 2016,¡± said Kim Shin-il, a real estate agent in Ulsan. ¡°But it really spiked from the latter half of last year. The prices of these factories keep dropping, but that doesn¡¯t help them sell because the manufacturing sector is doing so badly.¡±

The lack of a globally competitive edge is one of the factors behind Korea¡¯s struggling manufacturing sector, some experts said. 

¡°South Korea has lost its competitive edge in the manufacturing sector,¡± said Sung Tae-yoon, a professor of economics at Yonsei University. ¡°South Korea has competitive skills in manufacturing semiconductors, but that¡¯s about it. China and other countries have competitive skills in so many other markets.¡±

¡°South Korea has lost its international competitiveness in manufacturing,¡± said Cho Myeong-hyeon, a professor of corporate strategy at Korea University Business School. ¡°That has led to a drop in its exports, the engine of the Korean economy. That¡¯s why factories are shutting down.

¡°One way to reverse the trend is for Korea to find a niche in the fourth industrial revolution market,¡± he said. ¡°Like in the cloud service industry, blockchain or artificial intelligence.¡±

Some blamed the minimum wage hike. 

¡°The minimum wage hike translates into something like a 30 percent raise,¡± said Lee Byung-tae, professor of IT economics at Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology. ¡°From the point of view of small-and-medium sized business owners, they have to pay their workers more while the sector is not doing well internationally. That naturally leads to decisions to close down businesses and factories.¡±

A stagnant economy is another factor. Job portal Saramin asked 390 companies what is the biggest threat to their business, and nearly 30 percent said a stagnant economy stemming from a lack of consumer spending.

U.S. lifts steel quotas on Korea 

U.S. President Donald Trump signed a proclamation relieving Korea of steel export quotas to the United States only five months after their implementation.

Citing a statement by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Trump signed proclamations relieving Korea, Brazil and Argentina from steel quotas and Argentina from an aluminum quota, Reuters reported on Wednesday. 

Quota relief is permitted if U.S.-produced steel cannot fulfill demand in the country.

¡°Due to the shrinking supply and rising price of steel as a result of tariffs and quotas slapped on steel imports, we predict that U.S. companies that need steel to manufacture their products must be struggling,¡± said an official from Korea¡¯s Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. ¡°We believe that the U.S. government decided on the quota relief to help such companies.¡±

¡°Companies can apply for product exclusions based on insufficient quantity or quality available from U.S. steel or aluminum producers,¡± the U.S. Commerce Department said in the statement, as quoted by Reuters. ¡°In such cases, an exclusion from the quota may be granted and no tariff would be owed.¡±

The announcement comes after Korea received an exemption from higher tariffs on steel exports in March this year, which was agreed to as a part of the revision to the bilateral trade agreement by the two countries.

President Trump ordered 25-percent tariffs on steel imports into the United States, citing Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, which allows the U.S. government to levy import taxes to protect ¡°national security.¡± 

Korea gained relief from the tariffs but received a quota of 70 percent of the annual average steel exports from 2015 to 2017 to the United States, equivalent to about 2.7 tons of steel.

As a result of the proclamation, Korean steelmakers may be able to export certain steel products to the United States without the 25-percent tariffs or the 70-percent quota. This may create opportunities for some steel products, such as steel pipes, that have already reached their quota limits. 

¡°This is a decision that applies to the entire steel industry but does come with a condition,¡± said a spokesperson from Posco, the largest steelmaker in Korea. ¡°We do expect it to slightly bring down the trade barrier in the industry.¡±

As Chuseok nears, gov¡¯t tries to cut food prices 

As the prices of Korean agricultural products show no sign of retreating, the government is scrambling to help the public deal with increased expenses for the upcoming Chuseok harvest holiday.

According to data from the Korea Agro-Fisheries and Food Trade Corporation, the average wholesale price of a 20-kilogram (44-pound) package of rice in the markets across the country stood at 46,060 won ($41.54) on Wednesday, nearly 30 percent higher than its price a year ago. 

The price of 10 kilograms of napa cabbage went from 17,280 won on Aug. 30 of last year to 23,000 won on Wednesday, up 25 percent. 

Although the prices of food vary depending on the organization providing the information, general trends in the local market show a drastic spike.

The price of napa cabbage in Seoul jumped by over 70 percent last year as of Wednesday, according to data from the Korea Rural Economic Institute. 

The average price of apples, which are in especially high demand during the Chuseok harvest holiday, increased by as much as 80 percent in Seoul, depending on the variety.

The rising prices of agricultural products have been a major headache for the government this summer, as the country was battered by unfavorable weather conditions, including scorching heat and unexpectedly heavy rain. 

The prices are expected to push up further when Chuseok comes around. This year, Chuseok falls on the fourth week of September. 

¡°The prices of some agricultural products as well as products that are in high demand during the holiday season have skyrocketed due to the heat wave, which was followed by the typhoon and rain,¡± said an official from the Finance Ministry. ¡°This raised concerns among government officials about an increased burden on consumers as well as local store owners and farmers.¡±

As a result, officials and lawmakers from the government, Blue House and the ruling Democratic Party decided in a meeting on Thursday to roll out pre-emptive measures, including discounts of up to 70 percent on certain products at designated locations, such as some Nonghyup supermarkets. 

Officials and lawmakers that attended the meeting include Lee Nak-yon, Korea¡¯s prime minister, Jang Ha-sung, the Blue House policy director, and Lee Hae-chan, the new chief of the ruling party. 

In the past, the government announced similar measures and offers about two weeks before the Chuseok. But this time around, it decided to do so 23 days before the start of the holiday, an indication that the government considers the current situation to be more serious than usual. 

¡°The government decided to introduce the plan earlier than usual by taking the recent hike in the prices of goods into consideration,¡± said another official at the Finance Ministry.

The government will also increase the amount of produce on sale across the country by as 1.5 times more than the average by releasing stores from its stockpiles.

Lee Jae-wook, the head of the Food Industry Policy Office at the Agriculture Ministry, said the government will distribute the goods from the stockpile throughout the holiday to stabilize supplies.

The authorities will also increase the amount of financial support given to small business owners and low-income people during the holidays by as much as six trillion won compared to last Chuseok.

About five billion won in loans will be given to merchants at traditional markets so they can purchase goods to sell before the holiday season begins. 

Other benefits given out by the government for the holiday include waiving highway tolls from Sept. 23 to 25 as well as free parking at public parking lots.

Heating up of real estate worries government 

The Blue House, government and ruling Democratic Party have agreed on the need to cool off the real estate market, which recently became stimulated by Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon¡¯s announcement of major development projects in Yeouido, western Seoul, and Yongsan, in central Seoul - which he backtracked on later. 

Lee Hae-chan, in his first meeting with senior officials from the Blue House and government since being elected leader of the Democratic Party, suggested raising the comprehensive real estate tax. 

¡°The government should strongly consider strengthening the comprehensive real estate tax on people who own more than three apartments or high-priced apartments,¡± Lee said Thursday. ¡°When I was the prime minister in 2005, a similar situation occurred and we [the Roh Moo-hyun administration] came up with numerous measures.¡± 

¡°If there are suspicions of speculative investments,¡± he warned, ¡°necessary actions have to be taken immediately.¡± 

Lee said the government needs a policy that would redirect money going into real estate speculation into more productive investments. 

The Blue House chief economic adviser, Jang Ha-sung, who attended the meeting, said the government would be reviewing additional measures to restrain speculative demand. 

¡°The government will further strengthen means to shut out speculative demand while protecting actual demand [from people who purchase apartments to live in],¡± Jang said. 

Other top government and Blue House officials in the meeting included Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon, Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon, SMEs and Startups Minister Hong Jong-hak, the Blue House senor secretary for political affairs, Han Byung-do, and its secretary for jobs, Yoon Jong-won. 

The government has been trying to cool the real estate market for months. 

On Sunday, the Land Ministry and the Finance Ministry added four districts in Seoul to a list of neighborhoods where speculative forces were at work: Dongjak, southern Seoul, Dongdaemun, eastern Seoul, Jongno and Jung District in central Seoul. Once on that list, a number of restrictions are applied including increases in income taxes when selling an apartment, a ban on sales of apartments being redeveloped, a higher loan-to-income ratio to get a mortgage and limiting mortgages to one per household. 

Currently there are 11 districts in Seoul on the list, including the four affluent districts in Gangnam, southern Seoul - Gangnam, Seocho, Songpa and Gangdong - as well as Yongsan and Yeongdeungpo, in western Seoul, where Yeouido is located.

The Korea Housing Finance Corporation on Wednesday raised the possibility of limiting loans for jeonse, or long-term rent deposits, for households whose combined income exceeds 70 million won ($63,000) or those that owns multiple apartments as early as next month. 

To get a jeonse loan, the borrower needs to get a guarantee from the Korea Housing Finance Corporation. 

Recently jeonse loans have increased sharply. As of the end of July, the amount of outstanding jeonse loans borrowed from the five commercial banks - KB Kookmin, Shinhan, KEB Hana, Woori and NH Nonghyup - was estimated to be 56 trillion won, a 43.6 percent increase compared to 17 trillion won a year earlier.

The financial authority believes that people who own multiple residences, who have been restricted from taking out mortgages to buy property since the Moon government¡¯s real estate regulations were announced last August, have been taking out jeonse loans to get apartments. Jeonse loans are easier to get than mortgages. 

Additionally, the government is looking into people who borrowed money by registering as a lease business, which would evade restrictions on mortgage lending to individuals. 

The maximum limit loan-to-value ratio on a mortgage is 30 percent for apartments located in the areas labeled as prone to speculation, while a lease business can borrow up to 80 percent of the real estate price. 

If the government decides to disqualify households that earn more than 70 million from getting jeonse loans, there will be two exceptions: newlywed couples or families with more than two children. 

The National Tax Service joined in by announcing it¡¯s investigating 360 people suspected of using illegal means to buy expensive apartments, including a 20-year-old person who bought a 3.3 billion won apartment despite having an annual income of 50 million won as well as a father who bought an apartment for one of his children by withdrawing money from an ATM to evade inheritance tax. 

According to KB Kookmin Bank, Seoul apartment prices have risen 5.6 percent as of the end of July compared to the end of last year, which is a sharp contrast to the 0.07 percent rise in Korea¡¯s six major cities, which excludes Seoul. 

A recent study by the Korea Appraisal Board shows the sharp uptick of apartment prices in Seoul. 

In the third week of July, Seoul apartment prices grew 0.11 percent compared to the previous week, compared to the national average of negative 0.06 percent growth. Since then, Seoul apartment prices have continued to rise until Aug. 20, when they surged 0.37 percent compared to the previous week. Dongjak District saw the sharpest increase - a 0.8 percent jump. 

Yongsan District saw apartment prices rise 0.45 percent and Yeongdeungpo District 0.51 percent. 

Apartment prices in Seoul, particularly in Yeouido and Yongsan, have been spiking ever since Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon announced a major development plan. 

The government stepped in to cool down the market, hinting at raising the government-assessed value, which is used in taxing property, and the comprehensive real estate tax, but the market showed little signs of easing. 

Finally Mayor Park, who argued that Seoul¡¯s development plan is no business of the central government, gave in and unexpectedly suspended the projects on Sunday. 

Meanwhile, the Korea Association of Realtors members gathered in front of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport office in Sejong demanding that the government change its real estate policy and halt the recent crackdown on real estate agencies in Gangnam, which is making worse their already dire situation. 

They demanded that, instead of hassling innocent real estate agencies, the government should focus more on catching unlicensed real estate brokers. 

Economic czars smile for cameras 

The two economic titans of the Moon Jae-in government - Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon and Blue House policy director Jang Ha-sung - held a closed-door meeting on Wednesday to find common ground on the policies that have been driving them apart.

¡°Just today, we have met twice and we¡¯ve been meeting almost every day recently,¡± said Kim, who is also deputy prime minister for the economy, as he arrived at the closed door meeting in central Seoul on Wednesday. ¡°I don¡¯t see why this is news.¡±

¡°We see each other here and there in meetings,¡± Jang said. ¡°I don¡¯t see what¡¯s the problem.¡± 

Jang even proposed that the two hold hands tightly for a photo shoot. 

The Wednesday meeting, held around 5:30 p.m., was believed to focus on President Moon¡¯s recent order to find a legal way to make the government guarantee national pension system payouts in the future. Kim has been cautious about the idea because of its potential implications for public debt. 

Currently, three specialized funds - for government employee pensions, military pensions and teachers¡¯ pensions - are guaranteed by the government. Although there was an attempt to give the same legal guarantee for the national pension system in 2012, it was rejected by the finance minister at the time for the same reason. 

But Jang on Tuesday argued that the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, when calculating national debt to gross domestic product, does not include national pension payments. 

¡°Compared to advanced economies, there are many more senior citizens that work [in Korea],¡± Jang said. ¡°That¡¯s because there¡¯s no system that guarantees [the livelihoods] of senior citizens.¡±

While the government has tried to portray Kim and Jang as being on the same page in regards to economic policies, it was manifest that Kim was less committed than Jang to the administration¡¯s so-called income-led growth policy in a meeting with the ruling party on Aug. 19, two days after a jobs report showed the worst employment situation in eight and half years. 

At that meeting, Kim raised the possibility of changing the direction of current economic policies, while Jang asked the public to be patient and trust the government. 

Even during a meeting with lawmakers on Monday, Kim said one needs to listen to criticism that the income-led growth policy and a hike in the minimum wage has had a negative impact on jobs. 

Yet Jang and Moon have doubled down on pushing forward with the policy. Moon said Wednesday that his government was ¡°changing the economic paradigm¡± of Asia¡¯s fourth largest economy with its income-led innovative growth policy and initiatives to make a fairer economy, making clear he was committed to his policy line. 

¡°We are now changing the economic paradigm with the income-led, innovative growth policy and fair economy initiative,¡± said the president during a meeting with heads of state-run institutions in Wonju, Gangwon. 

Blue House to change how worker stats are counted 

The presidential committee on job creation has proposed changing the way statistics are measured to increase the number of people who are counted as regular workers. 

If the change is made, it will be the biggest shake up in Korean statistics since the current definition of irregular workers was set in 2002. 

The presidential committee on Wednesday suggested the need to change the way that regular employees who have reduced working hours due to personal reasons - ranging from health problems to pregnancy and academic pursuits - are categorized. 

Under the current guidelines, those people are counted as irregular workers, but the committee wants to include that group in the count for regular workers. 

The decision has apparently been agreed upon by all three parties - labor, business and the government - especially since today¡¯s labor market situation is not the same as it was a decade ago when the rules were last adjusted.

The change is set to be implemented from August next year. 

The committee said that labeling such employees as irregular employees only contributes to the misconception that working on reduced hours is bad, and thus contributes to a negative perception on the push to balance family life and work.

According to the committee, the number of regular employees who are labeled as irregular workers due to shorter hours has more than doubled from 1.23 million in 2008 to 2.66 million last year.

¡°In a situation where the irregular worker problem is so serious, it is important to properly calculate the statistics that are the foundation for policy establishment,¡± said Rhee Mok-hee, vice chairman of the presidential job committee.

The change is part of a larger government effort to try to have society adopt more flexible working hours, especially since people with personal reasons for reducing their hours, including health complications and pregnancy, are often pressured to leave their company. 

After leaving the company, it can be difficult to get a new job - allowing employees to stay on with reduced hours avoids the problem.

However, there are growing concerns over the proposal as it came just days after the Moon Jae-in government appointed a new Statistics Korea commissioner. 

This was a move seen by many as an attempt to make job-related statistics more favorable to the government.

On Tuesday, during a visit to the Ministry of Economy and Finance, Kang Shin-wook, the new commissioner, told reporters that, earlier this year, he proposed a report on new survey methods in regard to household income. 

This report was reportedly the one that Moon based his comment that the minimum wage hike has had a positive effect on, despite reports from Statistics Korea indicating the widening income gap. 

The decision to replace the statistics head at such a favorable time has caused an outcry from the opposition parties, who believe that the commissioner was replaced for purely political purposes. 

Kang on Tuesday said he is not saying that the previous methods were wrong, but stressed that the report he gave to the Blue House is more detailed.

Small business owners protest minimum wage 

Thousands of self-employed and small business owners took to the streets Thursday to protest the government¡¯s minimum wage policy, shrugging off ameliorative measures announced by the government.

Small business owners and their representatives, including the Korea Federation of Micro Enterprises, held a rally in Gwanghwamun, central Seoul, on Thursday demanding the government backtrack on its plan for another large hike in the minimum wage next year. 

¡°The government is prioritizing the minimum wage [in its economic policy] but even with good intentions, making an irrational move could have adverse effects,¡± said Jegal Chang-kyun, head of Korea Food Service Industry Association. ¡°The government forces self-employed and small business owners out of work in its attempt to help low-wage earners.¡±	

Some 150 organizations from across the country convened for the demonstration. Lawmakers from opposition parties, including Kim Sung-tae, floor leader of the Liberty Korea Party, and Chung Dong-young, chairman of the minor Party for Democracy and Peace attended the event and criticized the Moon Jae-in administration¡¯s economic policy. 

The disgruntled small business owners are asking the government to establish measures that would allow different minimum wage rates depending on industry, geographical location or size of the company.

The Minimum Wage Commission, comprised of representatives selected by the government, companies and unions, decided last July to increase the minimum wage by 10.9 percent to 8,350 won ($7.52) next year, the second year in a row for a double-digit hike. Last year, the commission raised the rate by 16.4 percent to 7,530 won.

The small business owners Thursday claimed the nearly 30 percent increase over two years is threatening their very livelihoods. The demonstration Thursday took place despite the recent measures rolled out by the ruling Democratic Party and the government to help self-employed and small businesses survive the higher minimum wage.

Earlier this month, the ruling party and government decided to earmark as much as 7 trillion won to help these businesses, providing subsidies for them to maintain their staff as well as financial support if they decide to close down stores or businesses and hunt for a job. 

Choi Seung-jae, chairman of the Korea Federation of Micro Enterprises, demanded the government create a presidential commission for self-employed and small businesses.

While protests against the government¡¯s minimum wage policy continue, the Moon administration has been relentless about its policy.

Moon himself said on Tuesday during a cabinet meeting that the average monthly income of the wage earners in urban regions has seen a ¡°drastic increase compared to last year,¡± adding that the policy is seeing results.

¡°The target and direction [to raise the minimum wage to 10,000 won ultimately] is correct but we need to be more flexible with its pace,¡± said Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon on Tuesday during an interview with JTBC. 

Consumer sentiment collapses 

Koreans¡¯ consumer sentiment hit a 17-month low in August.

The public¡¯s views on economic prospects took a negative turn amid a tepid job market, unstable housing prices and other downbeat economic indicators. 

The latest results, announced by Korea¡¯s central bank on Tuesday, indicate that the August index dipped to the same level as when former President Park Geun-hye¡¯s influence-peddling scandal caused political whirlwinds. 

The Bank of Korea said that the composite consumer sentiment index (CCSI) for this month stood at 99.2, down 1.8 points from the previous month. A reading above 100 points indicates that a majority of survey participants have a positive outlook on the national economy, while a reading below 100 indicates that most have negative views.

The central bank attributed the downturn to a combination of economic factors, including the sluggish job market and a trade row between the United States and China. 

¡°August¡¯s CCSI was affected by the disappointing jobs report, the increasing prices of necessities, worries linked to the trade dispute between the United States and China and lower stock prices stemming from financial fluctuations in the emerging markets,¡± the Bank of Korea said in a statement.

As the order suggests, the major concern was job conditions as the index for job opportunity declined 2 points to 85 compared to the previous month. 

The negative outlook follows a series of grim jobs reports. Only 5,000 new jobs were created in July compared to the same month one year earlier, according to Statistics Korea. That¡¯s the lowest number of new jobs created in a month in eight and a half years. 

The hike in the prices of key vegetables and household items brought on by the prolonged drought and sizzling heat over the previous weeks pushed up people¡¯s prospects on consumer prices by two points to 143.

Many forecast that housing prices will continue to climb, as the index for price trends in the real estate market surged a whopping 11 points in August to 109. Many areas in Seoul saw a steep rise in housing prices this month. 

The average price of apartments in Seoul hit a seven-month high as of Aug. 20, growing 0.37 percent over the previous week, according to the Korea Appraisal Board, a government-run real estate information provider.

The BOK survey found household finance sentiment grew more pessimistic, as it was down 2 points at 89. But in terms of future prospects for household finances and income, the indexes mostly remained flat. 

Record spending to somehow create jobs 

The Moon Jae-in government plans to spend a record amount to create jobs as its income-led growth policy is attacked for killing them.

According to the Ministry of Economy and Finance on Tuesday, next year¡¯s jobs-related budget has been set at 23.5 trillion won ($21.2 billion), a 22 percent increase from this year¡¯s 19.2 trillion won, which was a record amount of spending on jobs. 

The overall budget is 9.7 percent higher than this year¡¯s, a record 470.5 trillion won.

¡°The jobs-related budget was increased 22 percent with focus on creating direct jobs for those in vulnerable situations like the elderly, women and people with disabilities,¡± Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon said Tuesday during the announcement of the 2019 budget in Seoul. ¡°We are spending more on establishing the conditions for creating jobs indirectly such as expanding and extending unemployment paychecks, job training and helping middle-aged people get new jobs.

¡°Recently we have been focusing more on creating more job opportunities in social services and on the budgets for innovative growth and related industries as well as research and development spending on small and medium-sized enterprises (SME), which will greatly contribute to creating more jobs.¡± 

The government increased its budget for encouraging job opportunities in the private sector. 

This includes a 1.37 trillion won budget to help young people apply for jobs at SMEs, which is a 191 percent increase from the 355.4 billion won being spent this year. It funds a program, which was introduced in 2016, in which a young person who lands a job at an SME will be able to save 16 million won over two years of employment. The government pays 9 million won and the company 4 million won when the employee saves 3 million won during the two years. The amount goes up to 30 million won for those who land three-year contracts. The government pays 18 million won and the company 6 million won when the employee saves 6 million over three years. 

Additionally, the government has increased the budget to give subsidies to SMEs that hire people under the age of 35. A company can get as much as 9 million won a year for each new hire. 

That budget has been increased 271 percent from 192 billion won to 713.5 billion won. 

The government also plans to spend 1.5 trillion won in creating jobs for women, such as taking care of senior citizens, as well as 820 billion won on jobs for senior citizens. It hopes to increase jobs for women from a target of 120,000 this year to 136,000 next year, and for senior citizens from 510,000 this year to 610,000 next. 

The government is expanding jobs in social services offered by the public sector, such as day care, as well as upgrading contract workers to the regular payroll, which gives them benefits such as health insurance and employment insurance.

The government increased its industry, SMEs and energy budget 14 percent to 18.6 trillion won. It increased its budget for R&D to 20.4 trillion won, a modest 3.7 percent rise.

The health, welfare and employment budget, which includes the 23.5 trillion won spending on jobs, has been increased 12.1 percent to 162.2 trillion won. Even when excluding the jobs budget, it grew more than 10 percent. The health, welfare and employment budget is the largest component of the budget as a whole, accounting for 34 percent. 

The only area that is seeing a decline was infrastructure projects, also known as social overhead capital, or SOC. The government cut the SOC budget 2.3 percent to 18.5 trillion won. If the government budget is approved by the National Assembly, it will be the fourth year in a row that the SOC budget has been downsized.

The Moon government began in May 2017 with a vow to focus on creating quality jobs with better pay, especially for the young and those in lower income brackets. It said their spending would boost demand and ultimately supply, establishing sustainable yet balanced economic growth. 

Since 2017, the government has planned spending of 51 trillion won, including two supplementary budgets, one last year and another earlier this year, hoping to turn around the job market situation.

Instead, its policies - particularly a steep increase in the minimum wage - seem to have killed jobs. The latest job report said that only 5,000 jobs were added in July compared to around 300,000 in most months last year. 

Critics have called for the Moon government to abandon its income-led growth policy. But Moon on Monday doubled down during a cabinet meeting, stressing that next year¡¯s budget was focused on making the income-led growth policy work. 

¡°We reflected the amount needed in encouraging jobs in the private sector, the basic pension, disability pensions and childcare support as well as support for small business owners, [which all are] for income-led growth in next year¡¯s budget,¡± Moon said. 

He stressed that economic recovery is the government¡¯s mission. 

Korea is now an ¡®aged¡¯ society 

Korea has officially become an aged society, with its working age population shrinking for the first time. 

According to Statistics Korea on Monday, the number of working age Koreans - between the ages of 15 and 64 - fell by roughly 0.3 percent from 36.31 million in 2016 to 36.2 million last year. It is the first time that this number declined year-on-year since the statistics agency started collecting population data in 1949. 

The number of people aged over 65 increased by 5 percent year on year to 7.11 million, accounting for 14.2 percent of the total population last year. 

This officially makes Korea an ¡°aged society,¡± which is defined by the United Nations as a society in which the population aged 65 or older exceeds 14 percent of the total population. 

There is little hope that the working population can rebound as the number of people under the age of 15 keeps decreasing. Last year, the number of Koreans under the age of 15 amounted to 6.63 million, down 2 percent year on year. 

The aging index - calculated by dividing the number of people over the age of 64 by the number of children below 15 - jumped to 107.3 from 100.1 in 2016. 

By regions, South Jeolla showed the highest aging index of 171.5, followed by North Gyeongsang and Gangwon. Sejong, where many public servants moved to after government offices were relocated, had the lowest aging index of 45.5. 

Korea has been aging fast especially since 2000, when it officially became an ¡°aging society,¡± in which the population over 64 accounts for over seven percent of the total population. 

While it took 24 years for Japan to transition from an aging society to an aged one - from 1970 to 1994 - it only took Korea 17 years. 

¡°The projection that the working age population will peak in 2017 has become a reality,¡± said Nam Sung-il, a professor of labor economics at Sogang University. ¡°As the working age population is also the consuming population, this means production and consumption will both shrink in the future.¡± 

Nam advised Korea to look at Japan¡¯s policies focused on maintaining the working age population by encouraging the elderly to work. 

¡°The important thing is to maintain the country¡¯s total production and consumption levels [regardless of demographic changes,]¡± Nam added. 

¡°There also needs to be discussions on whether Korea¡¯s pension system can hold,¡± said Park Ga-yeol, a researcher at Korea Employment Information Service. ¡°The current system passes the buck to our future generation.¡± 

Nam advised Korea to bring in more foreigners. ¡°In countries with gross domestic per capita exceeding $30,000, foreigners generally account for about 10 percent of the total population except for Japan,¡± Nam said. 

According to Statistics Korea data, the non-Korean population residing in Korea amounted to 1.48 million, accounting for 2.9 percent of the total population last year. The total number has increased 4.6 percent since 2016. 

Highway tolls on privately run roads to drop 

Tolls on privately built and managed expressways will be lowered to the level of government-run roads after complaints of overcharging. 

According to the Ministry of Economy and Finance and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport on Monday, 18 privately managed expressways are 1.43 times more expensive on average than those managed by the Korea Expressway Corporation. 

The expressway that charges the most is the Incheon Bridge, which is 2.89 times more. The second most pricey is the expressway connecting Daegu and Busan, which is 2.33 times higher, followed by Incheon International Airport expressway, which is 2.28 times higher. 

The only privately managed expressway with tolls cheaper than on publicly managed roads was the road connecting Yongin and Seoul. 

In a first phase, the government plans to lower tolls to 1.3 times that of publicly managed expressways by 2020 and to 1.1 times by 2022. 

Under this plan, the 6,600 won ($5.93) toll for the expressway to Incheon International Airport could drop to 2,900 won while the 10,500 won toll on the expressway connecting Daegu and Busan could be halved to 4,500 won. 

The government said in the first half it succeeded in lowering tolls on three expressways to almost the same level as that of publicly managed roads by lowering them between 10.5 percent and 33.33 percent. The three roads are the Seoul outer circular expressway, the expressway connecting Seoul and Chuncheon and the Suwon-Gwangmyeong road. 

The toll for the outer circular road, which was 4,800 won, was lowered to 3,200 won while the Seoul-Chuncheon toll dropped from 6,800 won to 5,700 won and the Suwon-Gwangmyeong road is now charging 2,600 won compared to 2,900 won. 

One of the ways the government lowers tolls managed by private companies is signing a new contract with another operator or extending the contract from the current 30 years to 50 years. 

Another way is to change the management by sharing between the private company and the government. 

Additionally the government will be searching for new businesses such as rest stops and solar power plants that would help create funding that will be used in preventing the private companies from raising tolls. 

Statistics agency gets the blame 

The Moon Jae-in government is facing backlash for replacing the head of its economic statistics agency, whose reports have shown the economy spiraling downward amid hikes in the minimum wage and the government¡¯s income-led growth strategy.

On Monday, lawmakers from opposition parties criticized the Blue House decision on Sunday to replace the Statistics Korea commissioner. 

Floor leader of the Liberty Korea Party (LKP) Kim Sung-tae said the person that should be replaced is not the head of Statistics Korea but Moon¡¯s top economic adviser Jang Ha-sung, one of the architects of the income-led growth strategy. 

¡°It¡¯s like scolding a person who shouted ¡®fire¡¯ instead of the person who started the blaze,¡± said the LPK floor leader Kim. 

Ham Jin-gyu, head of the LKP policy committee, stressed that the sacking threatens the independence of the statistics agency. 

¡°Statistics Korea is not a department that sets up policy but rather announces statistics,¡± Ham said. ¡°It¡¯s worrying to think of what future statistics releases will be, considering that the Statistics Korea commissioner is changed just because they are not happy [with the statistics showing the state of the economy].¡± 

On Sunday, the Blue House announced it was replacing the commissioner of Statistics Korea, Hwang Soo-kyeong. This came as a surprise since she only served 13 months in the job, considerably shorter than the average two years of her predecessors. 

There is widespread speculation that Hwang lost her job due to the recent unfavorable reports including the worst jobs report in eight and half years and several reports describing a widening income gap between the rich and poor. 

Many blamed those deteriorating statistics to the Moon government¡¯s income-led growth policy. 

Despite rising concerns about the deleterious effects of the income-led growth policy, Moon and Jang have doubled down on the need to pushing forward with the policy even harder. 

As a result, there has been growing questioning of Statistics Korea and the way it does research from the ruling party, hinting at the possibility that the reports are results of errors. 

During a budget and accounts committee meeting at the National Assembly on Monday, the ruling party argued that one of the reasons the statistics on the income gap was disappointing was because the statistics agency made changes to its sampling this year from 5,500 people to 8,000 people, which significantly increased the number of those in lower-income households. 

¡°By expanding the sample, the ratio of older people went up and resulted in including too many lower-income households,¡± said Baek Hye-ryun, a Democratic Party lawmaker. 

The opposition parties immediately dismissed that notion. 

¡°The biggest principle of statistical research is neutrality and credibility,¡± said Oh Shin-hwan of the Bareunmirae Party. ¡°Trying to change the statistics just because the results are unsatisfying is a bigger problem. Who would trust a statistics office in which the sample is readjusted with the changing of a new commissioner?¡± 

The economy and finance minister, who is at odds with the Blue House and senior adviser Jang - despite the Blue House¡¯s denials of any rift - backed the statistics agency and told lawmakers the income gap report was not a mistake resulting from a change in sampling. 

¡°This is a problem that needs expertise and technical analysis,¡± the minister said. ¡°Statistics Korea is not an institution that would make statistical errors.¡± 

There are already growing concerns over Hwang¡¯s successor. 

The Blue House appointed Kang Shin-wook, senior researcher at the Korea Institute for Health and Social Affairs. Kang, a scholar who has never had experience in the public sector, specializes in income distribution. 

It has been reported that it was his analysis on household incomes that led Moon to comment earlier this year that the hike in the minimum wage had a 90 percent positive effect. 

More Korean shoppers seek bargains overseas 

More Koreans than ever before bought goods online from overseas in the first half of the year, as sales of home electronics like vacuums and air purifiers grew sharply. 

According to the Korea Customs Service on Friday, Koreans¡¯ direct overseas purchases amounted to $1.32 billion, which is a 35 percent increase compared to the first six months of last year. The number of items bought increased 36 percent to 14.9 million.

The increase in direct overseas purchases is particularly explosive when considering that overall imports to Korea in the first half only grew by 13 percent to $265 billion. 

By country, purchases made in China and Japan saw the sharpest increases.

Although purchases from the United States currently make a majority of overseas purchases, at 55 percent by value, or $730 million, China saw the sharpest growth.

By value, purchases that Korean consumers made from China surged 78 percent compared to a year ago to $204.8 million. By volume, it spiked 112 percent to 3.4 million goods. China ranks third in total value of goods at 16 percent, but is second by volume with 23 percent. 

Purchases made from Japan grew the second most, increasing by 32 percent in value and by 30 percent by volume.

Health-related supplements and food were the most-purchased goods, with over 3 million units bought. Consumer electronics saw the sharpest increase, growing by 91 percent to 1.68 million. 

Health related goods were mostly bought from the United States. Korean direct purchases of American goods grew 33 percent year on year to 2.6 million goods. U.S. health-related goods are some of Koreans¡¯ favorite products, thanks to their diverse choices and cheaper prices. 

Electronics were mostly purchased directly from China. When compared to a year ago, Korean consumers¡¯ purchases of electronics goods from China surged 145 percent from 360,000 units in the first half of 2017 to 882,000 this year. Chinese electronics bought in the first half exceeded the amount of electronics purchased throughout all of 2017. The second most purchased item from China was clothing, which tripled from 234,000 items bought in the first half of last year to 693,000 this year.

Purchases of Chinese goods have been growing in recent years, as the quality of Chinese products has been improving and their prices are cheaper than domestic goods. The product that saw the biggest jump in sales was cordless vacuum cleaners, which grew by 742 percent, followed by air purifiers, whose sales increased by 118 percent. 

The products that Koreans bought from Japan the most were premium toys like figurines, which rose 90 percent from 95,000 in the first half of last year to 181,000. 

Women in their 30s were the top demographic for overseas shopping. Those in their 30s and 40s accounted for 71 percent of those buying goods overseas, with people in their 30s alone taking up 47.7 percent of all buyers. 

Women accounted for 70 percent of all shoppers. While women in their 30s purchased health-related goods the most, men of that same age group favored electronics goods.

¡°Once massive discount events like China¡¯s Singles¡¯ Day [or Guanggun Jie] and the U.S. Black Friday are held, Koreans¡¯ direct overseas purchases could even exceed last year¡¯s all-time record of $2.11 billion,¡± said a customs service official. 

Kakao¡¯s carpooling app goes live in beta test 
Kakao¡¯s carpooling service was introduced Friday for beta testing and will be officially rolled out Dec. 17.

The start of the service comes after months of battling fierce opposition from local taxi services. They staged a strike on Oct. 18, two days after the IT company started accepting applications from carpool drivers. 

With the beta service, the Kakao T mobile app, a platform for all of Kakao¡¯s mobility services from taxi hailing to navigation, was upgraded to enable the ¡°Carpool¡± button on its main screen. The beta service will not be accessible to everybody. 

¡°The beta service is aimed at increasing the stability of the technology and collecting opinions,¡± Kakao said in a statement. ¡°For that reason, it will only be offered to some users.¡±

The selection of testers will be random and independent of age and location. Anyone upgrading the Kakao T app Friday will see the new ¡°Carpool¡± button, but only the selected users will be able to input words in the destination box. Those who weren¡¯t selected will see an image with the words ¡°This service will launch soon.¡± 

The base fare is set at 3,000 won ($2.68) for the first 2 kilometers (1.24 miles), the same as for regular taxis. After that point, the fare will increase proportional to the driving time and distance. The company did not disclose details, but a spokesman said the cost will be equivalent to around 70 to 80 percent of regular taxi fares. 

Kakao¡¯s carpool drivers are allowed to offer carpooling services twice a day at any time of the day. The twice-a-day rule is due to the domestic law that limits carpooling to commuting purposes. More than 50,000 drivers who met Kakao¡¯s requirements have been selected so far. 

A government-led task force composed of lawmakers from the ruling Democratic Party, public officials and taxi companies met Friday to discuss carpooling. Executives from Kakao Mobility, the affiliate in charge of the IT company¡¯s transportation services, decided to launch the same day, 

Kakao acquired the Luxi carpooling app in February and completed preparations for its service later in the year. 

The official launch was postponed previously as the task force failed to reach an agreement on the service¡¯s details, including the fare and limits on use. During a task force meeting held Thursday, some government officials opposed Kakao¡¯s request to release the service that same day, demanding more time to find common ground. 

Korea has been a difficult place for carpooling. Uber closed down its service in 2014, and Seoul¡¯s local government questioned the legality of carpooling app Poolus in 2017. 

DSME to build ship to rescue subs 
Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (DSME) inked a 443.5 billion won ($395.7 million) contract to supply a submarine rescue ship to the Korean Navy, the company said Friday. 

The vessel will be delivered to the navy by the end of 2022. 

The ship will be used to save crews trapped in submarines, supporting naval operations that involve submarines and recovering sunken vessels. It will also support the Navy¡¯s underwater research and mapping.

The vessel will be equipped with a deep submergence rescue vehicle that can go as deep as 500 meters (1,640 feet) and a rescue chamber that can accommodate up to nine people. They will be used to save trapped sailors. 

A remotely-operated underwater vehicle, an unmanned vehicle used to monitor underwater environments capable of operations at 1,000 meter depths, will be mounted on the ship. 

Back in 1996, DSME built the Korean Navy¡¯s only submarine rescue ship, dubbed Cheonghaejin. The latest order comes as the Navy feels the need for an additional rescue ship as the number of submarines it operates has increased. 

Following the success of the latest deal, the shipbuilder is also looking to start selling submarines and submarine rescue ships as a single package aimed at Asian countries that are actively acquiring submarines. The company said the strategy will help boost its submarine exports. 

¡°We inked over $1 billion of orders for our defense products this year,¡± said Park Du-seon, executive vice president of naval and special ship business unit at DSME. ¡°By allocating outstanding talent and investing in research and development, we plan to win over $1 billion of orders from our defense portfolios every year.¡±

Thanks to the latest order, DSME achieved 83 percent of its $7.3 billion sales target for this year, the company said. The shipbuilder inked orders for 14 liquefied natural gas carriers, 16 very large crude carriers, seven very large container ships and five special-purpose ships.

Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (DSME) inked a 443.5 billion won ($395.7 million) contract to supply a submarine rescue ship to the Korean Navy, the company said Friday. 

The vessel will be delivered to the navy by the end of 2022. 

The ship will be used to save crews trapped in submarines, supporting naval operations that involve submarines and recovering sunken vessels. It will also support the Navy¡¯s underwater research and mapping.

The vessel will be equipped with a deep submergence rescue vehicle that can go as deep as 500 meters (1,640 feet) and a rescue chamber that can accommodate up to nine people. They will be used to save trapped sailors. 

A remotely-operated underwater vehicle, an unmanned vehicle used to monitor underwater environments capable of operations at 1,000 meter depths, will be mounted on the ship. 

Back in 1996, DSME built the Korean Navy¡¯s only submarine rescue ship, dubbed Cheonghaejin. The latest order comes as the Navy feels the need for an additional rescue ship as the number of submarines it operates has increased. 

Following the success of the latest deal, the shipbuilder is also looking to start selling submarines and submarine rescue ships as a single package aimed at Asian countries that are actively acquiring submarines. The company said the strategy will help boost its submarine exports. 

¡°We inked over $1 billion of orders for our defense products this year,¡± said Park Du-seon, executive vice president of naval and special ship business unit at DSME. ¡°By allocating outstanding talent and investing in research and development, we plan to win over $1 billion of orders from our defense portfolios every year.¡±

Thanks to the latest order, DSME achieved 83 percent of its $7.3 billion sales target for this year, the company said. The shipbuilder inked orders for 14 liquefied natural gas carriers, 16 very large crude carriers, seven very large container ships and five special-purpose ships.

Emart spends $275 million on US grocery store business
Emart has bought U.S. grocery market giant Good Food Holdings for $275 million.

Emart announced Friday that it has acquired Good Food Holdings, the California-based holding company of upscale grocery chains Bristol Farms, Lazy Acres Market and Metropolitan Market. Good Food Holdings is Emart¡¯s first foreign acquisition.

Bristol Farms is a premium market chain with 12 stores in neighborhoods across Los Angeles and San Diego. With stores in Hollywood and other trendy areas, the supermarket is popular with celebrities. 

Metropolitan Market, based in Seattle, has seven stores and sells goods ranging from seafood to dishware. Lazy Acres also operates five stores across Los Angeles and San Diego with a focus on health supplements and beauty products.

Bristol Farms and Metropolitan Market also offer goods online, while Lazy Acres holds cooking classes for children and adults.

Currently, Good Food Holdings¡¯ annual revenue records around 670 billion won ($598 million), with a total of 3,100 employees working for the company and its operations.

Emart promised that nothing will change after the acquisition.

¡°We are not planning to make any changes in the management of Good Food Holdings,¡± said an Emart spokesman. ¡°Nothing in the operations of the three grocery chains will change in the immediate future.¡± 

The Korean supermarket mogul has shown a keen interest in expanding its business into the United States in recent months.

In September, Emart said it would launch its high-end PK Market grocery store chain in downtown Los Angeles by the second half of 2019. It has already signed a 10-year contract on a 4,803-square-meter (52,000-square-feet) space in LA¡¯s Jewelry District.

The acquisition of Good Food Holdings is expected to greatly ease Emart¡¯s understanding of and expansion into the U.S. grocery scene. Bristol Farms, Lazy Acres and Metropolitan Market have all been in operation for over 20 years.

BMW fined 530 million won for recalled Mini valves
BMW Korea is being fined 530 million won ($473,000) for selling Mini Coopers with substandard emission valves. 

The Ministry of Environment announced Thursday that the carmaker sold 1,265 Mini Coopers and Mini Cooper 5 Doors with unauthorized purge control valves (PCVs) in 2015. PCVs prevent fuel tank gasoline vapors from leaking into the air. 

¡°The PCVs found inside these models were less durable than the ones that had been initially authorized in 2014, but BMW Korea did not report it had switched the parts to the Environment Ministry,¡± read the ministry¡¯s report. Carmakers must report any changes they make regarding emission parts to the ministry and have them approved when manufacturing and importing vehicles.

The ministry is taking the unauthorized change seriously due to the potential health risks that gasoline vapors carry, as they may cause headaches and interfere with the respiratory functions when inhaled.

The unauthorized switch came to the ministry¡¯s attention while it was reviewing BMW¡¯s plan to have Mini Coopers recalled for faulty PCVs. 

The German carmaker had submitted a recall plan for its Mini Coopers in June 22 after 4.5 percent of the 1,265 Mini Coopers and Mini Cooper 5 Doors sold in 2015 were found to have faulty PCVs. According to the Clean Air Conservation Act, car manufacturers must submit a recall plan to the Environment Ministry if over 4 percent of vehicles from the same model in the same year are found to have defects in identical parts. 

The ministry found that the PCVs used in the Mini Coopers were different from the valves it had authorized. It has since approved BMW¡¯s recall plan to replace the PCVs on the Mini Cooper vehicles with the originally planned part. BMW Korea is now recalling vehicles from the two Mini Cooper lines. 

Lotte chair breaks ground on new plant in Java 
Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin promised to continue to invest in the conglomerate¡¯s Indonesian ventures at a groundbreaking ceremony for a chemical manufacturing complex, two months after being released from jail.

Shin attended the groundbreaking ceremony for Lotte¡¯s new chemical facility in Java on Friday. He was joined by some 500 officials including Indonesian Industry Minister Airlangga Hartarto and Thomas Lembong, chairman of the Indonesia Investment Coordinating Board.

¡°With this project, we hope to greatly expand investment in Indonesia and also take on social responsibilities,¡± said Shin. ¡°Lotte and Indonesia will become good friends that can grow each other¡¯s potential.¡± Lotte is expected to invest around 4 trillion won ($3.57 billion) into the project.

Lotte will build the chemical complex on 470,000 square meters (5.06 million square feet) of land it previously purchased from state-run Krakatau Steel through Lotte Chemical Titan, the group¡¯s Southeast Asian chemical arm based in Malaysia. The ceremony kicked off Lotte Chemical Titan¡¯s construction of the complex, which is due to be completed by 2023.

Lotte Chemical acquired Lotte Chemical Titan in 2010 for 1.5 trillion won. The company has grown 2.5 times in value in the past seven years and is currently listed on the Malaysian stock exchange.

Shin flew to Indonesia on Thursday to oversee the conglomerate¡¯s various business activities in the country. The business tycoon also stopped off in Vietnam to visit the conglomerate¡¯s Vietnamese operations on his first official overseas trip since he was released from jail in October. Shin served eight months in jail for bribery charges in a corruption scandal connected to former President Park Geun-hye.

Lotte first made inroads in Indonesia in 2008 with Lotte Mart. Today, Indonesia is home to 9,000 Lotte employees and 10 Lotte subsidiaries including Lotte Department Store, Lotte Chemical, restaurant franchise operator Lotte GRS and Lotte Cultureworks, which runs movie theater chain Lotte Cinema.

Lotte Cultureworks opened the first Lotte Cinema in November in Jakarta. Lotte Asset Development, another subsidiary active in Indonesia, pursues real estate and infrastructure development there. Lotte Accelerator, which helps start-ups, has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Indonesian Ministry of Communication and Information Technology to expand the local start-up ecosystem.

LG promotes its webOS for outside adoption 
LG Electronics plans to make its operating system available to other companies for use in a wide range of applications and devices. 

During the Qt World Summit 2018 held Wednesday and Thursday in Berlin, Germany, the electronics company introduced its vision to take webOS, an LG operating system, beyond just smart devices. LG utilized Qt Company software in the creation of webOS. 

¡°We announced that LG will be actively working with other companies for the use of webOS,¡± explained an LG spokesman. ¡°This includes developing artificial-intelligence platforms together and working with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa.¡± 

The company also mentioned the possibility of applying webOS to 5G technology, cars, robots and smart-home products. 

¡°As some devices run on Android and Linux, LG Electronics smart devices run on webOS,¡± said the LG spokesman. ¡°LG¡¯s webOS operating system is characterized by its fast speed and user-friendliness.¡± 

LG has utilized webOS in its own smart devices, like smart TVs, since 2014. The company¡¯s smart electronics and digital signage products, which are interactive electronic displays for advertisements and menu boards, use the operating system.

LG¡¯s webOS-based smart refrigerator features a Bluetooth speaker and a transparent touchscreen while supporting Amazon Alexa. 

Earlier this year, LG Electronics introduced the webOS Open Source Edition, allowing all programmers to work with the operating system. The company also offers a software development kit for webOS. 

LG is actively engaged in research and development to facilitate webOS use with the services and products of other companies.

¡°We will continue evolving the webOS network,¡± said LG Electronics President and CTO Park Il-pyung.

Korea¡¯s first auto museum opens 
JEJU ISLAND - Hanbul Motors, a Korean importer and distributor of Peugeot and Citroen vehicles, opened an auto museum on Jeju Island on Thursday, the country¡¯s first. It aims to take advantage of the rising popularity of the island with both tourists and long-term residence. 

¡°The museum not only shows Peugeot¡¯s 200 years of history but also the heritage of Citroen, which welcomes its 100th anniversary next year,¡± said Song Seung-cheol, president of Hanbul Motors at a press event at the museum on Wednesday. 

The 8,260-square-meter (2-acre) site includes a two-story museum and a 33-meter (108-foot) Eiffel Tower statue in front of the building. A total of 11 billion won ($9.8 million) has been invested in the site over the past two years. Peugeot and Citroen are part of France¡¯s Groupe PSA. The museum is the company¡¯s first outside its home country. 

¡°Korea¡¯s auto market is dynamic, with big potential,¡± said Emmanuel Delay, executive vice president, India & Pacific region, Groupe PSA, speaking at the museum on Wednesday. 

Delay said Peugeot recorded 37 percent growth this year in Korea. He added that 23 percent of the group¡¯s India & Pacific sales were in Korea. 

The two-story building, located at Seogwipo on Jeju Island, houses some 20 models from Peugeot, including seven classic models. A Type 139 A Torpedo, which was made in 1911 as personal transportation transitioned from carriage to automobiles, is one of the classic cars in the lineup at the museum. 

Hanbul Motors said it would bring in 14 more classic models next year. 

The first floor includes separate showrooms for Peugeot and Citroen, where current models are on display. The Citroen Origins room, also located on the first floor, delivers 100 years of Citroen history through media presentations. Visitors can experience the interior of many Citroen models with 360-degree views, as well as hear sounds of engines and klaxons. 

Hanbul Motors is banking on its rental business on Jeju Island achieving synergies with the museum. The company is the first auto importer directly engaged in car rental on Jeju Island. 

According to the importer, customers utilized its rental service 12,000 times since it started in 2015. 

The entrance fee for the museum is 6,000 won for adults, 4,000 won for students and 2,000 won for children. The museum provides discounts for Peugeot and Citroen owners, those who used the brand¡¯s rental car service, group visitors and those who live on Jeju Island. 

¡°Hanbul Motors will run programs like special exhibitions and classic car test-drive sessions to make a space where visitors can truly enjoy auto-related culture,¡± the company said in a statement.

Hanwha head opens engine factory in Vietnam 
Hanwha Group Chairman Kim Seung-yeon visited Vietnam for the first time in seven years to participate in the opening ceremony of Hanwha Aerospace¡¯s new aircraft engine facility on Thursday. 

Hanwha Aerospace built its new facility in Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park near Hanoi, Vietnam, to bolster production and strengthen its aircraft engine business.

The aerospace affiliate has built the facility on a roughly 100,000 square meter (25 acre) space in the park. Currently it takes up only 30,000 square meters of the lot, but the facility will gradually be expanded to take up 60,000 square meters, the company said. 

Data on production capacity was not revealed Thursday, citing business confidentiality. Hanwha said that it is the first massive aircraft engine parts manufacturing facility in Vietnam.

Hanwha Aerospace is expecting the new facility to help cut manufacturing costs due to economies of scale. It currently has a domestic facility running in Changwon, South Gyeongsang.

Full-scale manufacturing at the new factory will begin next year. 

Kim said the Vietnamese factory will ¡°play a key role in making Hanwha Group a competitive aircraft engine parts maker in the world¡± during his welcoming address at the ceremony. He further added that he hopes the factory will be a good mediator in strengthening ties between Hanwha and the country.

Kim¡¯s visit comes as Hanwha has recently set its focus on its aerospace business after changing the company¡¯s name from Hanwha Techwin in April to more bluntly show that the company makes aircraft engines. The affiliate is due to acquire aerospace businesses currently under Hanwha Corporation as well. 

About 300 officials participated in the ceremony including Kim and Vietnam¡¯s Deputy Prime Minister Truong Hoa Binh.

Jaguar will always look like Jaguar, says designer 
As the auto industry is headed for a paradigm shift towards electric and self-driving cars, there will be inevitable changes to auto parts and design.

British luxury carmaker Jaguar, however, will put off any drastic changes - especially to the core of its traditional design - for as long as possible. 

¡°The design philosophy for us in the way that we view Jaguar cars will not change,¡± said Ian Callum, Jaguar¡¯s director of design, at a press event on Wednesday at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in central Seoul. ¡°But what will change is the overall shape of the car.¡±

Referring to the luxury brand¡¯s first electric model released earlier this year, the I-Pace, the chief designer discussed future Jaguar designs free from the constraints of the internal combustion engine, but adhering to Jaguar¡¯s design tradition.

¡°As you can see with the I-Pace, we had the luxury of recreating the silhouette of something you cannot do with an internal combustion car,¡± explained the designer. ¡°It gives you the freedom to create something of a different shape.¡±

The I-Pace, with its electric motors integrated in the front and rear axles, features aerodynamic lines and a cab-forward design, but keeps the Jaguar grille, usually abandoned in electric cars.

Accompanied by fellow Jaguar designer Vera Park, the chief designer also said that advancements in autonomous driving will lead to changes in the interior, but made it clear that Jaguar will keep its focus on driving.

¡°I think it will be a long time [before] you¡¯ll see an autonomous car from Jaguar without a steering wheel, although it may be inevitable,¡± said the chief designer. ¡°But for the time being, we¡¯re focusing on the various levels of autonomy, which include driver interaction if they choose to do so because Jaguar is fundamentally about driving.¡±

On whether the luxury carmaker will ever create designs for specific markets, the designer was adamant that it will maintain a unified design for all markets.

¡°A Jaguar should be a Jaguar in any market, that¡¯s what people buy into. And if we design a car specifically for China in terms of the atmosphere, specifically for the United States, specifically for Saudi Arabia, it wouldn¡¯t be a Jaguar anymore.¡±

The Scottish designer has been part of Jaguar since 1999, overseeing design changes at the brand such as the current generation of the XJ sedan, Jaguar¡¯s first sport utility vehicle, the F-Pace, and its first all-electric car, the I-Pace. 

Visiting the country for Jaguar Korea¡¯s design competition for university students, the veteran designer will judge submitted designs for the future 2068 model of the XJ sedan, which celebrates its 50th anniversary this year.

¡®Game of Thrones¡¯ whiskey coming to a Costco near you 
Winter is here, and so are the White Walkers. 

Local alcohol distributor Diageo Korea said on Thursday that it will sell its limited edition White Walker by Johnnie Walker whiskey, in collaboration with U.S. network HBO¡¯s smash hit series ¡°Game of Thrones,¡± in local Costco stores starting Dec. 10. 

The new limited edition whiskey draws inspiration from the White Walker characters that dwell in the icy terrains of the popular fantasy TV show¡¯s universe.

The brand is hoping to capture the Korean market as the TV series ¡°Game of Thrones¡± drew over 16 million viewers for its last season finale. 

¡°We hope local consumers fall into the exciting world of scotch whiskey this winter as ¡®Game of Thrones¡¯ captivated the entire world with its stories,¡± said Lee Kyung-woo, CEO of Diageo Korea.

According to Diageo Korea, the White Walker edition is best served cold as it doesn¡¯t have a smoky taste and suits highballs well.

The limited edition whiskey will be available in other major retail stores starting in January. 

